exact center
left middle
right end three fourths length
to the right of center
center
in the middle of the table to the right
at top of the table to the right
in the middle of the table
at the middle of the above little to the right side of the table
at the top of the table, little to the right side
Near the center of the table, partially blocked from vision by a sphere
At the far end of the table, Leaning against a blue cube
Near the edge of the table, closest object to the point of view
Only object in Quadrant IV of the table
Far end of the table, closest to the back right corner
left
small
right
strht
frend
Green color small cylinder placed near the upper right corner of the table.
Big yellow color three dimensional rectangle placed near the red ball at the center of the table.
Orange color tall three dimensional rectangle placed near the center of the table.
violet color cube placed near the lower left corner of the table.
Red color sphere placed at the center of the table.
the object is located in front left corner of the table
the object is right next to back side ot the table and almost touching yellow sphere object
the object is close to the middle of the table and it leans to another object that is blue sphere
the object is on the back side of the table, close to the back right corner
the object is on the back side of the table, closer to the back right corner
On left side of the table
Middle of the table
Middle of the table
Middle of the table
right side of the table
object red close to object brown and both yellow 
Object located near green right side but its far from right blue and end blue.
this object located at the right end corner of table.
object green located one right corner of the table which is so far from left near object
object green located at end site of table.
the furthest object
the nearest green object
the furthest yellow object
the closest object
the furthest object
at the far end of the table and in the middle
second closest to the near end of the table and slightly to the left
at the far end of the table and slightly right of center
second closest to the near end of the table and slightly to the right
near the far end of the table and towards the left
side
corners
corners
corners
side
It is nearer to the left side of the table
It is close to right side of  the table
It is at the edge nearer to  right side corner of the table
It  is far away from the focus of the table
It is at the centre of the two corners of the table
rectangle
round
side
square
rectangle
It is almost at the center of the table next to the small purple sphere
In the middle of the table
In front of all the other objects
At the back
in front of the other objects near the short orange cylinder
It is nearly in the center of the table, touching the blue ball which is on its right side, viewed from here.
It is the second furthest object, on the last quarter of the table, rather on the left side of the table.
It is far at the end of the table, almost on the edge, on the right side of the table. It is near the right furthest corner.
It is near the center of the table, a bit further and on the left side. it is next to the violet ball on its right side.
It is the nearest object from us. Not far from the edge of the left first corner of the table. 
In the front, next to the cylinder
all the way back, slightly to the right
On the far half of the table, slightly to the left. Right of the blue cylinder.
In the back of the table. In front and slightly to the right of the blue parallelepiped.
In the back.Slightly to the right.
green
blue
green
body colour
yellow
it's the closest to the left corner of the table
it's the object that appears the most far from the nearest corners of the table
it's the object that has one brown oblject at its left at the same level and one borwn at its right much far from it 
it's the object that is at the middle of two purple objects
it's the closest to the yellow object
the object   is placed in the middle of the table,near the closer edge, below the red ball.
The object  is positioned near the right edge of the table,in the centre.
The object  is positioned in the top left corner of the table.Near the green rectangle and lower than object  brown circle  
The object  is positioned at far side of the table ,in the middle of the table.
The object  is positioned near the left side  and the left corner of the table near the blue circle
It is below the square object.
It is on the left hand side of the small spherical object.
It is the first item from the nearest side of the table.
It is the second item from the farthest side of the table.
It is near the bottom left corner of the table.
mid left of the table and also left to the box one
right to object two which is at the middle of the table
right to object two and slightly mid left to the table
left corner of the table and below object two
right to object five and middle of table
side
top side
middle
top
top
This object is in the forefront of the table.
This object is in front of all the other objects.
This object between a red color ball and a green color cube.
this object is adjacent to a blue color ball.
this object in the front of the table adjoining a brown color object
Left of object four
At the corner of the table
Right to object two and in centre of the table.
Near to the right side of the table
Near the front side of the table
middle
left side
right side
corner
center
The object is on the table in the middle from the viwer side corner
The object is on the other corner from yhe viewer side it is last object after the ball
The object is placed on the right side corner of the table on the other side of the viewer.
The object is placed in first position from the viwer side in the right side corner on the table.
The object is placed on the right side corner of the table on the other side from the viewer it is on the right side with respect to the last circle placed onthe table.
Is in the corner right hand side at last near the end of the table
Its in the center of the table with near blue object
Its in the center left side corner of the table far near to the yellow object
Its first in the top side of the table. It is in center position with near to the red object 
Its in the top-middle left hand side of the table with near red object
at the far left corner of the table.
in the middle of the table.
in the center of the table.
to the left of the red sphere
at the back of the table.
the ball is almost in the middle of the table and it is below the four other objects
almost to the top of the table and the middle, it is above three other objects and below one other
is almost in the middle of the table and closer to the left of the table, it is positioned right next to the red ball
closer to the middle of the table and it is located below four other objects
located towards the top of the table and closer to the right.
next to a green cube.
near the lower left corner of the table.
near an orange cylinder and between two yellow prisms
near the upper edge of the table next to a orange and purple prisms
near the left edge of the table, next to yellow cube
slightly to the left of the picture.
in the middle of the table.
slightly to the left of the table. 
Is right across from the box on the left hand side.
right beside the half circle on the left side.
at the top leftmost corner of the table
top rightmost corner of the table
top rightmost corner of the table
above the cylindrical object and between the two cubes on the right side of the table
on the right side of the cylindrical object
to the front of all other objects on the table.
behind all the other objects, at the rear of the table.
just behund and to the left of a spherical object.
in front of the other objects, at the forefront of the table.
to the rear of the other objects, second furthest away on the table.
violet color square shape
Violet color rectangle shape
violet color small Ball shape
green color rectangle chape
orange color Circle shape
near middle of table.
near the end next a blue square box on a table.
nextt to blue circle on table.
next a red ball on table.
a black table.
 table end of the picture
placed these yellow ball
sylindicar side
it is a red colour shaped ball
left corner voilet colour square box
next to the blue  cube
located at the leftmost  corner
nex to green cubiod and yellow disc
at the side near to pink cubiod
in middle with two yello bars and a disc near it.
it is place in the left most side, and it is nearer to red sphere.
placed in between red sphere and green cube
placed in between green box and
placed infront of the table and it is next to a green box
placed last in the table, and it is near to yellow sphere
position on the top  left of the table
It is present in the middle of the table.
position is top middle of the table.
it's position is left middle of the table.
It is the position in the middle of the table
 Its locate near to the rectangle shape object and also it locate between the big circle object and the green rectangle object. 
 it is a small square shape object where it locates edge of the other objects. 
 it locate very close to the green color rectangle object and also center of the other objects.
it positioned in the front of the table and it locate very near to the circle object which is in brown color.
it locate between the two objects those objects are also in square shaped but the size of the objects differs.
at the front away from the others.
toward the upper right of the screen.
the furthest away.
located next to cylinder in the middle of the table.
at the bottom left corner of the table
blue spherical ball
green cylinder
blue cylinder
yellow spherical ball
purple  rectangle
blue spherical ball
green cylinder
blue cylinder
yellow spherical ball
purple  rectangle
blue spherical ball
green cylinder
blue cylinder
yellow spherical ball
purple  rectangle
 placed first, near to the other edge of  table.
placed near to the top left corner and it is placed after the green cylinder
placed almost to the center of the left edge of table.
placed in the second position from the top edge of the table.
placed second from the top edge of the table.
 near the center of the table
between the right rear corner an rear center table edge
between a blue ball and small purple cube
near the corner of the left and rear sides of the table
close to a yellow sphere towards the rear tble edge
farthest away; behind the smaller yellow block
behind the larger yellow block and to the right of the brown circular slice if you are facing the table as in the photo
farthest away, almost at the end of the table
slightly right of centre, towards the back of the table. It is not close to any other objects
at the back left corner of the table
half a foot away from right of the table, close to blue ball
Next to small purple ball, a feet away from left of table in the back side
very close to table, kept in the back left side
Close to green oblect, at centre of table, one and a half feet from the back of table
One feet from the back of the table, little left to the centre
straightly aligned to orange cuboid and nearest to the far side of the table
right of smallest purple cuboid,in front of green cube,nearer to the far side of table 
nearest to the far side of table
right of blue cylinder
directly behind orange cuboid ,nearest to the far side of the table
In between objects one and five
middle of objects one, two and five
Its is beside object  two
It is near to object  five
Its is away from all the objects
the leftmost object of the table.
near the middle of the table.
the rightmost object of the table.
near the left most front corner of the table.
in the back middle of the table.
second in position from the bottom of the table.
second position from the bottom and is attached with a circle shaped object.
third in the position from the top and is placed nearly to the circle object.
second in the position from the top.
placed in the top of the table.
The ball is the most attractive one
The color is violet
It look different compared to other objects
The color is violet
It is quite attached to other objects.
at the top of the table
near the circled box at the middle of the table
at the right side and in the middle of other objects
at the bottom of the table
at the top of the table
 a bit away from the centre of the table from the right.
 in the centre of the table.
placed nearly about a foot away from the right side.
 placed in the centre of the table.
placed a foot way from the left side of the table.
to the right of the orange cylinder
to the left of the blue ball
behind the red ball
to the left of the green box
on the far end of the table
 green in color 
purple in colour
green in color
blue in color
red in color
one.
fourth.
number one.
two.
five.
center of the image
a middle of the image
left side corner in last of the image
middle of the image
right side corner last in the image
on the table
on the table
on the table
on the table
on the table
the object
 side of the table
object
object
OBJECT
OBJECT
object
object
object
object
 .on the right end of the table near the yellow object.
in the first row near the blue ball
on the right side in the first row far from the other objects
in the second row near the object in green color
in the center row between the two other rows
object
obct
object
object
object
it is in the top
it placed in second position from upside
it is on the edge of the upper side
which is in front of a table
it is placed upper left hand corner
located behind yellow cube near farther right corner.
located near blue sphere.
located near yellow sphere near the farthest edge of table.
located near green cube.
in front of yellow cube.
green color
blue color
yello colr
color
yello colr
placed at the middle of the let side of the table
placed at the top right corner
situated just below the top left corner
placed at the centre of the tble
placed at the centre just beside the small red round object to the left
on the left side of the table, a bit farther away from the middle
nearest to us and centered
halway on the table, to the right side
off center, in the middle of the table
a bit farther than the middle of the table, a bit to the left side
front of the table and front of two purple rectangles
beside green rectangle and front of orange cylinder
almost back or edge of table and back of pale pink rectangle
beside blue cylinder 
back of yellow cylinder and almost back of table 
located at the rear of the table, one feet from the table ends and just left to the centre
half a feet away from the rear end of the table and one feet from the right end.
one feet from the front end of the table, tilted at an angle of fifteen degree from the right end of table, one and a half feet away
very close to the rear end of the table, a feet away from the right end.
About a feet from the right end and a feet from the rear end of the table
on the table
five shapes
in an array
the smallest square
near the edge of the table
near the green cuboid to its right  
to the left of orange cuboid
to the right of  pink cuboid
near and to the left of blue sphere.
near and to the left of purple sphere.
to the right of cylinder, close to it, in front of parallelepipeds
to the right of cylinder, betwen two yellow parallelepipeds
at front of another objects
at far left corner of the table
in front and right of another objects far from them, in the middle of the table
in between cylinder and rectange
left to circle
inear to rectangle
near to square
near to circle
at the upperleft corner of the table
at the center of the table
at the bottom left corner of the table
placed in the left corner of the table
placed near to the blue ball shaped object
near the right hand side corner of the table
in the center of the table and circled from three other objects 
near the center of the table and very close to one of the object on the table
very near to the center of the table and more towards the right side 
near to center but more towards the left side and is very near to the smallest object on the table
located near top right corner and located right to yellow square box
located near the center of the table and right to small purple square box
located at the center of the table
located left to green rectangle box lying on the table
located somewhat nearer to the center of the table 
at the corner of table
at the middle of table
at the middle of table near to prple small ball
at middle of table near to big red coloured ball
corner of table
adjacent to the blue sphere and pink cube
adjacent to yellow cube and makes a straight line with yellow circular three dimensional object
between two greenish yellow cubes and adjacent to three dimensional circular yellow object
anterir to dark green cube and rear to two magenta cubes
in front of the red sphere
It is very nearer to cylinder and far away from square
next to rectangle
It is on the right side of a cylinder
It is on the left side of the table
It looks like in the middle of the table
the object three is is in blue colour and rectangular in shape
 the object four is in yellow in colour and it is in rectangular in shape
the object three in the above table is ingreen in colour and rectangular in shape
the object two in the above table is purple in colour and rectangular in shape and is at the edge of the table
and is in nude colour it is at the edge of the other side 
located further away than the yellow and purple cubes.
located directly behind the yellow sphere.
 located right next to the blue cylinder.
located quite far away from the rest of the shapes.
located in the far corner of the table.
at top left corner of table.
at top middle of table and above ball shaped object
at beside small blue ball
at below red ball
at beside brown circle shaped object
second from last
in between the yellow squares and next to the orange cylinder.
next to the green rectangle
closest to me
closest to me
above the object three and below the objects one and five
above two, three and five objects and below object one
 is left of object one above object four and below to object five and three
above four and fiveobjects and below three and one objects
above one and two objects and below five and four objects
to one end of the table nearly center position
little away from the center of the table
little away from center of the table
little away to the right side of the center
to the left side little away from the center
behind all other objects.
in front of all the other objects and located on the front left corner of the table away from the other objects.
behind all other objects located near the back right corner.
behind all other objects, next to a small green cylinder and is located near the back left corner of the table.
directly next to a blue ball and is located in the center of the table.
nearer to the big brown circle shape
edge corner of the table and nearer to the egg shape
nearer to the big brown circle shape on the table
nearer to small yellow rectangular shape
front edge of the table
the rectangular object is palced at the middle corner of the table behind the circular object
the cube is placed at the top right corner of the table beside the yellow cube object
the object is placed at bottom middle of the table and it is far away from all the objects
it is palced at the left middle of the table with a sphere shape object next to it
it is placed somewhere at the middle of the table with yellow colored rectangular object at both the sides and a orange colored cylindrical shaped object besides it 
 away from other objects and positioned near the center of the  table
near the yellow ball
positioned near green cubical block
in the center of the table.
adjacent to brown cylindrical block
right of object two
front of object three and four
front of object three
left of the object three
front of object one
between yellow objects
in the center of the table
closest to green cube
in the corner of the table
highest object on the table
last to all the other objects.
siyuated near to the end of the table.
which is at the corner of the table.
located at the middle corner of the table.
at the corner middle  of the table
third place
third place
second position
fourth place
near object four
at the far end of the table
 in front of me
in the center of the table
in the center of the table
close to the end of the table
in the middle of them all
Right next to Brown Puck.
closest to me.
is right next to blue rectangle
at the end of the table.
in the middle of the table
to the right corner
to the left of the table
to the left of table
in the center of the table
to the left of object 2
in front of object 3
in the center of the table
at the far end of the table
on the left side of the table, near the center
to the left of table
is to the right of table
is in the middle of the table
to the right of table
in the middle of table
is to the right of table
to the right of table
to the left of table
at the front of table
to the table end
in front of the table just before red round ball
in the leftern side of the table just behind the yellow piece
at the left side corner of the table just behind of the blue color   objectpice
in front of the yellow square piece in the table
near the corner of the table just infront of the brick color object
straight
attractive
in mormal size
blue in color.
next to the cube.
above the three purple squares, but below the green square and to the left of it
near the front left corner of the table 
next to the smallest purple square and below the green square
directly to the right of the brown cylinder; they are touching
directly to the left of the purple ball
AT THE FAR END OF THE TABLE
INFRONT OF THE GREEEN BOX 
PLACED ON THE TABLE
PLACED NEAR THE RED COLORED BALL
PLACED NEAR THE GREEN BOX
at the centre of the table
at the edge of the table
in the middle of the table
in the middle of the table
at the end of the table
in table middle
in table in side
in table side
in table side
in  table corner
above the red ball at the centre of the table
last at the right corner above the orange rectangle
next to the red ball. It is on the left side of the table.
at the left corner of the table. It is previous one figure
at the centre of the table and it is the second one figure
middle
middle
corner leftside
rightside corner
middle
Landscape
Landscape
Landscape
Landscape
Landscape
at the center of the table
placed vertically 
placed horizontally
placed adjacent to cuboid which is green in color
and it is placed at the corner of the table
the highest figure 
in the side of the table
the first of the figures
farther situated
second most position
towards the edge of the table
near the center
towards the back of the table
the closest to the front of the table
second to last on position from closest to far from the front of the table
the biggest unit.
smallest unit
The biggest unit on the table
longest unit on the table.
a little above the table
the biggest unit.
At the center of the table
 in spherical shape.
at the edge of the table.
At the center of the table.
a box
little smaller than the purple box
second biggest
purple color
stands near small ball
yellow in color
huge
rapped with green color
used to sit
used to play cricket 
at the front side of table
at far left side of the table 
in the center of the other objects
on the front of the table and beside a spherical object
at the center of the table
object
object
object
object
object
LAST
LAST
FIRST
FIRST
SECONED
  situated to the right side of green box and opposite to violet box.
somewhat nearer to the right side of the table
situated at the edge of the table nearer to yellow ball
situated in the edge of the right corner of the table some what nearer to pink box
very much nearer to blue ball and situated in the center of the table 
the objects kept on table
square box
eclipse its look like
round shape ball
voilet color ball
the biggest of all objects with purple color
red in color
at the bottom end of the table
a cylindrical shaped object adjacent to a blue color ball
purple in color far away from other objects
at the end of the line.
at the front of all the shapes.
parallel to object one which is also cyliderical shape.
at second position from front.
fourth position.
a shape with a radius
an object with four sides equal
an object with a fixed radius
with a different lenght and bredth
object with a length and breadth
on the left side of table.
third in the position.
earliest on the table.
on the first position on the table
first in the position on the table.
near to object one
back of object  two
infront of other objects
front of table
near to object two
sqare
circle
CIRCLE
CIRCLE
CIRCLE
right of smallest purple cuboid.
behind the yellow circle
nearest to the front edge of table
nearer to the far end and left edge of the table.
directly to the left of green cuboid
touching besides to the round object
far away on the right corner of the table from other cubes
in middle of the other shapes of objects
smaller than the front of the rectangular shape object
in before the small cube object
number choclate colour infront of  box
table edge  violet boxy
near the yellow round center of the table
number  black and purble box begine the corner of the tablenu
number red ball is ,round browenth yellow rectancle rectancle  center of the red ball
in the middle of the other shapes of objects
in first position of all the other shapes of object
in the middle of the other shapes of objects
in last position of the other shapes of objects
in the right corner of the table
located at the center of the second half of the table.
located in the second half of table towards the left hand side.
located in the far right corner of the table
located in the far end middle of the table almost on the edge
located in the left hand corner of table in the second half of it.
placed at some distance from bottom and positioned left to another object
in top left corner
placed at center to right of another object
placed at top center with another object above it
placed near to top right corner
located far from other objects 
located in middle of the table.
located at the corner of table.
touching to other object.
located in the middle of other objects.
in the middle of other objects
nearest to the left edge of the table
closest to the upper side of the table
closest to the left upper edge of the table
closest to the bottom of the table
at the front of the table
between a disk and a block
second closest to the front of the table
between three other objects
closer than the other objects
some what in the middle of the table.
at the end of the table.
some what  at the end of the table.
.near a brown coin
between a brown round coin and green rectangular block
near the left corner of the table.
on the right corner of the table.
near the righthandside of the table.
near the green cube
in the middle of the left hand side of the table
placed on the right side of the table beyond the center of the table and between a rectangular and cylindrical block  
placed beyond the center of the table and between two rectangular blocks
placed on the center left of the table and on the left side of a red spherical object
placed on the right side of a blue rectangular block near the edge of the table
placed on the left side of the table near the center between two other rectangular blocks
IN FIRST FROM TOP OF THE TABLE
LOCATED FIRST FROM TOP OF THE TABLE
LOCATED TOP LEFT CORNER OF THE TABLE
LOCATED NEAR TO THE VIOLET BALL
LOCATED LEFT MIDDLE OF THE TABLE
cornor of the end table
left side cornor
end of the cornor
first cornor
center of the table
cube
orange qube
cylinder
green qube
orange qube
on the right side 
on the middle of the table
on the left most corner
on the middle of the circle
on the right side
front on table
on middl left of table
on middle of table
in top left corner of table
in second last position on table
near the red ball 
near the violet ball
at the corner of the table
near to the another square shaped one
 near to the red ball
kept behind the yellow cylinder.
placed at the back side of the table.
kept at the middle of the table
is kept at the center of the table
placed at the front side of the table
is placed next to yellow ball on the table
placed in between two yellow rectangle box
placed center of the table
placed in between two voilet box
placed next to green semicircle
 back
front
 front
along with circular pillar
along with  cube
Object one.
Object one.
none.
object two
object three
like a coin and is in blue colour
violet in colour
something brown and which make some variation
a green colour object
in violet colour and look pretty
in the Middle of the table to the left,
in the middle of the table slightly off to the right
about three quarters of the way down the table, on the left quarter of the it.
at the back right of the table
about halfway down the table slightly off to the right.
its placed in the far right hand side corner of the table 
right in front of the table
 and its kinda in center of the table
.Its placed last of all objects
Its also on the far right hand side corner
just slightly behind the blue ball and in the center of the table.
to the right of the green, rectangular box and near the center of the table.
on the left corner at the front of the table.
at the far end of the table near the right corner.
to the right of the orange cylinder and behind a large yellow box.
on the table
on the table
on the table
on the front of the table
on the table
toward the back of the table next to the blue circle.
in the middle of the table next to the blue ball
the frontmost object on the table
in the middle of the table toward its left edge
the frontmost object on the table and is located near the center
also in front of the orange cylinder.
besides the other purple square. 
on a table. 
a pruple square. 
behind the two red objects. 
closest to the point of view.
next to the short orange cylinder.
next to the green three dimensional rectangle
near the middle of the table
on the left side of the table
object four
object two
object three
object two
object three
a blue square block
a purple rectangle block
a green cylinder
green block
a purple square block
it is on the left side, toward the farther end of the table, and close to the middle
near the back right corner of the table, halfway between the edge and the middle of the table
in the center of the table, next to a blue ball
a bit to the right of being in the center of the table.
slightly to the right of the middle of the table, and very close to the back right corner of the table.
on a table behind a yellow block and to the right of a orange cylendar
on a table near the center it is behind the orange block and to the right of  a blue cylendar
near the back of the table behind and to the right of the smallest purple block
near the back of the table behind and to the right of the further yellow block
near the back left corner of the table behind a blue cylendar
directly north of the blue circular object on the Y axis, no farther north than the green circular object
halfway between the purple square and orange circular object in terms of y axis, but aligned directly below the purple object
directly between the two yellow rectangles
directly north of the orange rectangle
between the orange circular object and the red sphere on the x axis, halfway between the green square and red sphere on the y axis.
closest to the viewer on the table
squashed and tiny compared to every other object
bigger and wider than every other cylinder
bigger than the other sphere in this scene
the only sphere in this scene
between a larger orange disk and a green block
closest to the far edge of the table
closest to the far edge of the table
beside a small blue disk
beside a small green block
near a cube at the far edge of the table.
near another cylinder at the far left corner of the table.
separated from all the other objects.
is surrounded by the other objects on the table.
near a cylinder and a sphere.
behind the blue ball and in front of the pink and purple rectangular boxes
next to a brown cylinder in front of all the other objects
in front of a green square box and behind three other objects
next to a red ball
next to a blue rectangle and behind three other objects
between the orange and purple prisms towards the end of the table
to the left of the green prism, towards the end of the table
at the front of the table
to the right of the blue cylinder
next to a blue sphere
near the far right corner
near the far right corner
near the left side halfway down
near the middle, next to a small purple ball
next to a green rectangle near the middle of the table
on the highest part of the table
next to a small sphere
next to a blue sphere
in the middle of the table
on the highest part of the table
is in the standing position to its length and is the nearest object to for user
yellowish color and is positioned somewhat at top left corner of table.
yellowish color positioned before blue object from the top.
orange color and is in left of red sphere
purple color and is at bottom left corner of table
next to the blue disc
at the back of the table.
in the middle of the table.
in the middle of the table between two yellow boxes.
at the back of the table next to the yellow ball.
a three dimensional round object positioned in front of the blue cube on the far end of the table.
placed next to a small purple sphere in between the purple cube and the blue cube that resides next to the yellow sphere.
placed next to a red sphere, and in between two yellow three dimensional rectangles.
placed near the bottom left corner of the table in front of all the other objects.
places at the far right corner of the table, behind all the other objects on the table.
rear left.
center.
center to the left.
back right.
back right.
near a red sphere.
near a blue cylinder.
near an orange cylinder.
near the center of the table.
near a yellow sphere.
rectangular prism
across from brown cylinder 
fartest from the rest of the objects 
next to the green rectangular prism
below the the red sphere 
about three quarters of the way across the table, just a little bit left of center.
about three quarters of the way across the table, just right of center.
about half way across the table, about half way between the center line of the table and the left edge.
about three quarters of the way across the table, just left of center.
about three quarters of the way down the table, near the left edge.
beside the orange cylinder in the center of the table.
above the orange cylinder near the top of the table.
in the center of the table and next to the blue sphere
is to the left of the red sphere which is located in the center of the table.
at the top edge of the table slightly left of the far right corner.
and is the closest to the viewer
the farthest to the left, discounting the cylindrical object
the farthest from the front of the picture
the farthest to the right and in the middle of the other objects
the closest to the front of the table
next to a ball, second closest to the viewer.
closest to the viewer and touching a circle
farthest from the viewer, close to a ball
behind a red ball
next to a small purple ball
near the center top of the table between a purple rectangular block above it and a red rectangular block below it.
positioned near the center top of the table right next to a blue rectangular block.
positioned near the top of the table a little closer to the right corner than the left.
positioned  near the top right-hand corner of the table.
positioned in the upper left hand corner of the table.
on the far end of the table, behind all the other objects.
in front of all the other objects, just right and forward of center of the table.
behind all other objects on the far edge of the table.
next to an orange cyllinder near the middle of the table.
near the back edge of the table behind all other objects.
behind a yellow ball
between two yellow boxes
in front
central to all other shapes
next to the blue ball 
touching a brown cylinder and is slightly away from the centre of the table.
close to one corner of the table and has no other objects near it.
near the short edge of the table and is touching a yellow ball.
halfway between the long edge and centre of the table, and no objects are near it.
halfway between the centre and one corner of the table, while a short, brown cylinder and a lime prism sit nearby.
near the back of the table.
near the middle of the table.
near the middle of the table.
near the middle of the table.
near the middle of the table next to the green block.
in between a green cube and red ball
near the end of the table near a red ball
next to a blue cylinder
in between a purple prism and brown prism
near the closer end of the table away from the other objects
in the foreground of the scene above.
to the right of the blue circular block and behind and to the left of the orange rectangular block.
almost the farthest object from the foreground except for the green cube with the black sides.
the right-most block on the table aside from the green cube farthest in the background
the left-most object on the table
It is positioned near the violet ball
In between violet block and blue ball
the biggest in this group
a middle sized block
blue in colour
toward the front of the table
toward the middle of the table near the green block
near the back of the table across from the orange cylinder
away from the others near the corner
away from the others
on the far side of the table, behind all the other boxes
just to the left of the green box towards the back of the table.
next to the short orange cylinder, closest to the front of the table.
behind th ered ball, towards the back middle of the table.
behind all of the purple boxes towards the back of the table, but in front of the green box.
on the table between orange rectangle and pink rectangle
on the table in front of purple retangle
on the side of the table next to orangle cylinder
 next to blue sphere on the table
on the table  far from all the objects
the second furthest.
in the front
near the back of the table
in the back
in the middle of the table
touching a blue ball in the center of the table
in the back left of the table.
in the back center of the table touching a yellow ball.
in the back center, slightly right, next to a blue box.
in the back left quadrant, in the center of said quadrant. 
near the back right corner of the table
towards the back left corner
near the back right corer
near the back edge to the right
near the yellow ball at the back edge
at the very back, right corner of the table.
behind the other objects and near the back right hand corner of the table.
near the middle of the table, right next to the blue ball.
near the middle of the table, next to the red ball and behind the yellow rectangle.
directly to the left of the green rectangle near the back of the table in the middle.
the farthest away on the table
near the end of the table
in the middle of the table
in the middle of the table
farthest away on the table
near the middle of the table
next to a green cube
toward the middle of the table
near the end of the table
closest to me on the table
located at the far end of the table, adjacent to the smaller yellow rectangle.
located approximately six  inches between the the pink&orange cubes.
to the left of the only green cube on the table.
the closest object to the viewer, from the position of the photo.
the farthest purple cube on the right side of the table.
about three-quarters of the way up the table, nearest to the right side out of all of the objects, standing vertically.
about three-quarters of the way up the table, lying on its side, nearest to the left side of the table.
almost all the way to the back of the table, and is dead center.
the object the furthest on the left side of the table, and is nearly at the end of the table
about three-quarters of the way up the table, and slightly to the left of the center of the table.
next to cylinder number two
to the right of yellow block number one
to the right of block number five
to the left of sphere number one
to the left of purple square number three
farthest to the back of the table
in between the orange cylinder and the green square
in between the blue object and the orange rectangle
closest to the front of the table
closest to the back of the table
between a purple and an orange rectangle
between a pink rectangle and an orange cylinder
in the corner of the table away from the other objects
on the table far away from the other objects
in the center of the table between two yellow rectangles and an orange cylinder
on the right side of the table, next to a similar shape and behind a sphere and a short cylinder
near the center of the table, next to a short cylinder, behind a horizontal rectangular prism
on the front left corner of the table, in front of several other similar shapes.
near the back of the table, behind two other similar cylinders and two rectangular prisms
near the back left corner of the table, next to a green cylinder and behind a blue one.
next to the pink object and towards the back left corner of the table
next to the dark yellow rectangle and towards the back right corner of the table
next to a pink sphere and towards the middle of the table
behind the dark yellow circle and red sphere and towards the back of the table
near the back edge of the table
closest to me, on its side
about in the middle of the table, next to the blue sphere
standing upright, about three quarters of the way across the table
a rectangle, on its side, about three quarters of the way across the table
close to the edge of the table, close to me
by itself between the blue ball and the purple box
between the purple box and the orange rectangular prism, slighly to the left
front and center
on the near left corner of the table
leaning on a squat orange cylinder in the middle of the table
just behind the orange disk and red ball
at the far end of the table, behind the other objects
in the middle of the table, a little bit to the right.
between the two yellow blocks, to the right of the orange disk
directly to the left of the red ball
in the dead center of the table
on the front left corner as you look at the table
about halfway between the middle of the table and the far right corner, behind all the other objects
about a third of the width of the table from the left edge, and a quarter of the length of the table down from the far edge
about one third of the way from the left edge, and about a quarter of the length of the table down from the back edge
It is the closest object to the far right corner
close to the center of the table, and near the green cube
closest to the far left corner and the smallest purple cube
near the near end of the table, not near any of the other objects
near the far end of the table next to the blue cube
glued with a ball
two
five
closed one with four sides
Eiffel tower
near the back of the table and behind the others
close to the back
the farthest back and to the right
in the middle close to another object slightly to the right
in the middle to the far left
green in color next to blue color object
the first object in tsble
rectangular green color object
purple color object mentioned abovei
purple object
in the middle laterally and upper third horizontally.
just to the left laterally and just in the upper quarter vertically.
just to the left of center laterally and just in the upper third vertically.
closest to me, just to the right laterally, and just in the closest quarter to me vertically.
just at the top right quarter of the table.
in the middle of the table.
to the left of the red spherical object in the middle of the table.
at the upper middle part of the table.
near the upper right corner of the table.
at the lower left corner of the table.
near the close edge of a table.
near the far end of the table.
close to the blue box near the far edge of the table
is near the far edge of the table
near the center of the table
the closest shape to the viewer
behind the red ball and in front of the green cube
the closest to the viewer
closest to the viewer
near the middle of the table
farthest away on the table next to a blue square.
about in the middle of the table and next to the right of the green rectangular cube.
closest to us and about in the middle and to the right some, standing off by itself.
in the very back of the table, pretty distant from the other objects.
also towards the back, but not as far. It is surrounded with a green rectangular cube to its right and an orange cylinder behind it
close to the center back edge of the table.
 in the front, lower right quadrant on the table.
towards the back of the table between the green rectangle and orange cylendar.
toward the back half of the table and near the small,purple sphere.
against the back edge of the table and close to the right corner.
almost at the center of the table
next to the green cube
towards the far end of the table
toward the far end of the table
near the orange and purple blocks
is near the center of the table, slightly to the back left.
the direct middle of the back half of the table.
directly in the center of the table.
back right of the table
left of center of the table
On the far side of the table, close to the edge, a little bit left of center.
on the far side of the table, very close to the edge, about half way between the center line and the right side of the table
a little less than half way down the table, on the left side, but a little closer to the center line of the table than the left hand edge of the table
on the near side of the table, kind of close to the edge, and a little bit right of the center line of the table
on the far edge of the table, on the left side, a little bit closer to the left edge of the table than to the center line
in the front of the tablewith other shapes far behind.
 center of the table with yellow rectanlge in front.
back of the table with three other shapes in front and one in back.
next to an orange cylinder on the table.
next to the blue circle on the table.
placed near right side top corner and right to the blue box 
placed right side of the table
placed bottom corner of the table
placed right center place of the table 
placed center place of the table and left side of violet color ball
in the center of the table.
in the front of the table
behind an orange cylinder and red sphere
in the back of the table, in front of a blue cube
in the center of the table, slightly offset to the right
in the middle of the table, in front of the red sphere.
on the far edge of the table, behind all the other objects.
towards the back of the table, behind the three purple cubes
on the back edge of the table and on the left of the green cylinder
behind the orange cylinder and the blue sphere
on the farther end of the table
very close to me
close to my side of the table
towards the middle of the table
at the lower left hand corner
at the far end of the table behind all the other objects
in the front left corner of the table, closest to the viewer
in the front middle part of the table in front of the red sphere
towards the back end of the table but in front and to the left of the green cube
near the middle of the table to the left of the red sphere
end of the table
middle of the table
near big box
near small solid cylinder
start of the table
closest to the left side of the table
second from the back
furthest
the left-most object.
furthest from me
three quarters of a table length away on the far left side
at the center end of the table
at the center end of the table
at the near-left end of the table
at the near center/right end of the table
lying on one of it's small sides.
lying beside object five.
lying on one of its long thin sides.
lying on one of its long wide side.
lying near the left front edge of the table.
near the center of the table
near the far edge of the table on the left side
near the far edge of the table in the left middle
in the center of the table
nect to the far edge of the table, right of center
 farthest from the viewers perspective of the table
the farthest object from the perspective of the viewer.
farther from the viewer than the yellow rectangular prism with hight > width , closer than the rectangular prism with width > hight, and equidistant with the red sphere
between the farthest back purple cube and the small/distant green cube.
farther from the viewer than the yellow rectangular prism with hight > width , closer than the rectangular prism with width > hight, and equidistant with the red sphere
fourth
third
first
first
tied
to the left of the red ball
in the front-left corner of the table
in the back-left corner
to the left of an orange box
in the middle of the table, behind a red sphere
the purple cube
the red ball.
the green cube.
the brown cube
the purple cube
next to a green rectangle.
is near the middle of the table.
at the center of the table.
below a yellow rectangle.
touching an orange puck
on the very back of the table
the second item from the back of the table
in the line second from the front right next to the red ball item one
in the front most position on the table
the second item from the back of the table
on the table a little more than half way across and to the right a little.
next to a blue cube at the end of the table.
close by a blue cylinder and a green block.
at the very end of the table corner all alone.
next to a small purple sphere nore than half way across the table.
near the edge of the table
near ball type object
far from other objects
far away from other objects
left extreme side of the table
on the left of the table the same distance away as the other purple block that is not close to me
at the far end of the table
the same distance away as the green block
the same distance away as the other purple block that is not the closest one to me
at the far end of the table
The second closest box to me
In between a purple box and a yellow box
After all of the purple boxes
The farthest object
In between the blue cylinder and the orange rectangle
near top left corner of the table.
near the left side of the table.
the second object from the bottom side of the table
the second object from the top side of the table.
near to the smallest cylindrical object on the table.
near the bottom left corner of the table
in the central upper part of the table, above the sphere
near the top edge of the table above two of the purple cubes
just about in the dead center of the table
in the center left of the table, to the left of the red sphere
in the back left
in the front right
the furthest away
in the middle on the right
on the right
placed on the top of the table.
placed in the second position from the bottom.
placed in the second position from the top.
placed in the left corner of the table.
placed in the middle portion of the table.
Fifth
Second 
Third
First
Last
in the middle
first
second from last
second from last
the last
in  front
second to farthest
in the front
in middle
in the back
in center
in last
in front
now in last
in second
to the right of violet
to the left of green
ahead of green
on the front left
to the right of red
right of object three
right to object two three and four and left of object five
below object three
in between object four and object five and right of object two
it is left of object one
sitting next to the blue ball
next to the purple ball
at the edge of the table
behind the purple blocks
in front of the green block
on the edge.
right on the edge.
right beside number five.
is right beside the red ball.
right beside the round ball.
spherical
a box
round
long on the sides with short width
four sides
number one
number one
number one
fourth position
second
at the far end of the table to the left of a green block
at the far end of the table
in the middle of the table right next to a blue ball
near the close end of the table, far from any other objects
directly to the left of a red ball
near the top left corner of the table
to the right of a green rectangular prism
near the far edge of the table and very close to a yellow sphere
near the far edge of the table and to the right of the center of the table
near the far edge of the table and directly above an orange rectangular prism
the smallest one.
orange.
the third box from the front
second box from the back of the table.
yellow.
placed at the end of the table
placed  infront of the cylindrical cube
place at the end of the table 
Places at the middle of the table 
at the corner of the table 
positioned on the right-hand side of the table about halfway up the length, away from the other objects.
the furthest object away and sits on the right hand side of the table, near the edge.
the object that is closest to the center of the table.
a little more than halfway toward the back end of the table, on the left hand side near the edge.
the second to last item on the end of the table furthest from our viewpoint.
to the left of the green rectangle
the shape on the lower right
not near any other shapes
next to the blue ball
near the blue cube
no
yes
yes
no
yes
placed between brown colored cylinder and pink colored cuboid. 
placed just to the right of the blue colored cylinder.
placed just to the left of the red colored cylinder.
placed just to the left of a red colored sphere.
placed behind red colored sphere.
left side of green block
in front of the red sphere 
left side of the violet sphere
middle fo the table
nearest left corner
a green cube
yellow rectangular prism
a purple cube
a brown cylinder
a green cube
at top left of the table.
closest to far edge of table.
closest to top left corner than all of them.
closest object to near end of table.
at top left of table.
top
on the left side of the table corner
on the very left side of the table corner
on the left side of the table corner
on the right side of the table corner
about an inch to the right of a green cube
the object furthest south on the table
the northernmost object on the table
the northernmost object on the table
the northernmost object on the table
object next to blue colored circle on its left
object with an orange disc on left and two yellow rectangular boxes at top and bottom
next to orange circular disc
just loctaedon the left side of purple ball
just above blue circular disc
second farthest from the back of the table, in between a purple and orange rectangle.
in the middle of the other four objects and closest to the pink rectangle and the orange cylinder.
in the middle of the table and is the second closest object 
at the very back edge of the table, behind the other four objects.
is behind the other fours object, but not quite at the back edge of the table.
towardsthe north- west side of the table
towards the north side of the table
towards the north west side of the table
towards the south center of the table
towards the north side of the table
located just away from the object four & towards left side of the table
locate far away from object one and nearer to the right side edge of the table
located nearer to the object five exactly a few centimeter away from the right side corner of the table
located in the middle of the table & very close to object five
located just away from the mid line of the table& very close to the object two
this object placed
purple in colour
it's colour is yellow.
dark blue in colour
it's colour is green.
liftside
right side
left side
right side
middle 
In foreground in front of all of the other four objects
In front of the other objects and to the right of them
In line in between the other objects but slightly shifted to the right
In the middle of the other objects in terms of back to front alignement. More to the left with proportion to the table
At the back left of the table
greenish yellow
rough edges
almost a square but onlong
looks like a hinge
quite like an egg shape
standing
standing
standing
lyind
lying on the side
towards the far end but away from the edge
closest to the edge on the far end
closest to the edge on the far end
almost in the centre of the table
slightly towards the edge in the middle of the table
to the left of the table 
nearest to the screen 
farthest to the screen
farthest to the screen and in centre of the table
farthest to the screen and to the right side of the table
object
Object
object
Object
object
at the near dge of the table
a box in the middle of the table.
block situated in the middle of the table
near you
on the table
placed at the far end of the table
placed behind the red colour object
placed at the far end of the table
placed beside the small spherical object 
placed on the right hand side of the table
it is at the end of the table,in the right corner
it is almost in the middle of the table ,it is in front of a red ball
near the middle of the table ,at the far side of the table,near the blue circle
near the right edge of the table,between two others rectangular adn one blue ball and one brownish circle
it is closer to the shorter edge of the table,in fron of all the other shapes
big in size,it is a yellow colour
an orange color
an green colour, it is an small in size
an ball, its colour blue
a yellow colour
placed near to blue object at left most corner of table.
placed in between one small square and one big square.
placed in corner of the table.
placed in left corner of the table.
placed in fron tof 
in the center of the table.
in the center of the table.
on the far end of the table, near the center.
on the lower left corner of the table.
on the far end of the table, a third from the right.
in the corner of the table
on the edge of the table
on near the edge of  the table
on near the midle edge of the table
on the midle edge of the corner
located in towards centered and in the diagonal axis of object three straight axis of object one
located fully towards and in the right side of stright line of object one
positioned on diagonal axis of object two and in the triangle of object one and three
 placed centre of object two,four,five
located in the centre of objects one ,two,four,five
a sphere and it is right next to Object two.
square, which is bigger than Object two.
by itself in a corner.
in front of all the other shapes.
an orange square, which is object five.
at the far end corner of the black table. 
in the middle of the table.
it is located behind the red ball.
located towards the right side corner of the table.
right next to the green rectangle.
cube
rectangle
square
circle
circle
located in the almost near end of the table
located on the left side of the table
in the middle of the table
in the farther end of the table , a bit on the right side
almost in the middle of the table
placed on the rear end of the table.
placed  opposite the green colored object
placed near the green colored object near the table center.
placed near blue colored object
placed near green colored objectat the center.
object in Green Rectangle
object near bjlue object
object no five
green object
green object
near the far edge of the table and slightly right of center.
the second furthest back cube, a little left of the center.
near the center of the table.
closest to the front of the table
near the back of the table, just left of the center and next to a green block.
 the object
the object
round
on top of table
very near
in the middle edge of the table near the blue square
in theleft corner of the table
in the middle of the table, left side
left side middle part of the table
right side of the middle edge
located in righthand side corner
near to green color object
located near round shaped red object
located near rightcorner side
 located in right hand side 
in the middle of the table
in the upper right
in the middle of the table
in the middle of the table
in the center below
 placed close to the green rectangle. 
between the two rectangular object.
placed close to the spherical object.
positioned at the wider part of the table towards the table's corner.
placed at the narrow part of the table.
closer to object two
object three
not on the table
object two
object two
directly behind a yellow block
located away from the other objects on the table and is on the right hand side half way down the table
in the left hand bottom corner of the table
in the centre of the table behind the red ball and to the left in front of the green block
behind the two purple blocks and in front to the left of the smaller green block at the top of the table
in the far left end of the table
in the right edge of the table
in the middle of the table
in the left corner of the table
in the far middle of the table
in the middle on table, but mucho on down and right side.
on the left angle on the table.
on the rihjt side on the table.
on yje upper middle side on table.
on the left side on the table, next to the red ball.
dead north of a orange rectangle or northeast of the pink rectangle.
northeast of a yellow rectangle that also has a red sphere south of it.
dead south of a purple rectangle
north of the blue cylinder
south of a red sphere
located in the upper left quadrant of the table
located on a table in the upper right quadrant 
located on a table in the upper left hand quadrant
located on a table in the upper left quadrant
located on a table in the lower right hand quadrant
middle of yellow and blue
round in shape
object is on side
middle of a rectangle
side of a rectangle
at the far end of the table in front of a blue box
at the far end of the table on the right
in the middle of the desk next to a blue ball
at the far end of the table between a purple box and a brown box
at the far end of the table next to a blue cylinder.
in middle
in front
in middle
in middle
in last
 in between biggest radius cylinder and a rectangular shape cube
 in between smallest and medium radius cylinder
 beside the ball
with smallest cube
 between the cubes of second largest and third largest area cubes 
farthest away from the other objects.
farthest away from my sight.
between the other numbers.
farthest from my sight.
in the middle of the table.
the furthest object from the purple rectangle
furthest away from the blue ball
right next to a purple ball 
right next to the blue  rectangle
right by the green rectangle
top center
center
top center
corner
center
just near a big sphere.
just near to the small cylinder .
at middle of the table.
just near to the cuboid
at middle of the table
located close to the far right corner of the table and the nearest item close by is a yellow rectangular block shape. 
very near me and is in fact one of two objects that are closest in proximity to me and is nearby a brown cylinder but squat item close to me and is in fact the other of the two objects I mentioned.
located in the center of the table and to the left of a medium sized royal blue ball. 
located close to the very center of the table and is resting to my right of another object that is in fact a green block cube shaped item also in the center of the table. 
located in the left corner of this table in front of me and is relatively close to me in proximity. 
the second furthest object on the table
nearest to the far edge of the table.
next to the green rectangle
the second closest object on the table
in the middle of the other objects
Almost in the center of the table
lying on the left top corner of the black table
lying on the right top side of the black table
lying on the right center of the table
lying on left top corner of the table
close to the edge of the table
the object close to green colour object
is the object at the edge of the table
the object at the end of the table
in the middle of the table but to the right
located in left side of the table
left of the table
left side of the table
left side and most cornor 
front side of the table
center of the table.
light corner of the table.
corner of the table.
side corner of the table.
entrance of the table.
the object is lying  on the table  horizondally
cube is lying on the table vertically
lying in the table vertically
lying on the table vertically or standing on the table
standing on the table vertically
next to green rectangle's left
placed to the red ball's left
placed to the left side front of blue rectangle
placed behind brown disc
place as the first object in the table when viewed from the other side of the table
near left side corner of the table
some what middle of the extreme end of the table
some what middle of the table
near to the pink sphere
some what middle of the table
THE VIOLET CUBE
the circular three dimension object
one with blue colour
the only one that is red in colour
the unique one in the picture
It is tge farthest of all the other objects
It is farthest  object.
lying second from the front of the table.
lying first in the table.
lying second from the front of the table.
placed at the center of the table close to the yellow cube
placed next at the second position from the farther end of the table.
placed at the right side of the blue object.
placed immediately right to the green squre.
placed immediately next to the red ball
right to object four and left of object object five
it i sbetween object three and object four
at the first position 
at last position
at middle and next to object two
is to the left of a purple sphere, they are about halfway away along the length of the table
to the left of a red sphere
in front of the blue cube
farthest away from me, behind the yellow sphere
in front of the yellow cube
located in between weet box and and bottle of almond
the first object from left corener on the table 
located in the centre near a cricket ball
the first object which is close to caramel custard
the first object which likes the cricket ball
placed at the egde of the table.
placed very close to the object numbered five.
equidistant from the objects numbered two and four. 
placed very close to the round shaped object colored blue. 
placed far away from all the objects kept on the table. 
suffle
combine
suffle
suffle
top
 at top right corner
 in front ot table
at middle right table
located near the orange cyclinder 
placed at centre of the tube
green color object named three
object three which having same color like object two
the only one yellow colored object which mentioned the name one
the object two
yellow colored object in the objects which named four
its a rectangular object.its yellow in colour and thats next to green object  from the top.
object is sperical in its shape. red in colour.its at the center of the table.
a rectangular box in voilet colour. its nearer to an edge of the table.
this is a green colour box.its at top right side of the table.
this is a sperical ball. its very close to a cylindrical object on the table.
located near to red colored sphere
smaller than other cubes
located nearly at the right corner of the bottom of the table
located at the left top most corner of the table
nearly located at the center of the table
pink in color
red
small
green
purple
on the right corner of the table
on the right corner of the table, bach of all objects
on the right corner of the table , back of all objects
on the left side of the table
on the left side of the table
left side on the front of table
back, left side of table
middle of table, slightly left side
back side of table, slightly to the right
middle of table, slightly left of retangular tube
which is the left side of object 
right of the object 
right side of object 
middle of the  tan and green
which is in the end 
in the corner of the table.
at the edge of the table.
in the middle of the table.
near the blue cuboid.
in the middle of the table.
at extreme corner of the table alone 
in green color almost near yellow purple color cubes
blue in color almost touching orange round shaped object
purple in color and very near green cube
purple color near yellow cube
above the yellow big cuboid
above the red ball
on the right hand side of blue cuboid
on the left side of red ball
on the right side of brown centroid
round
square
ball
ball
colored
middle left
close left corner
far back
far middle towards the left
far middle
left bottom side
left top side
right top corner
middle left side
it is in the middle part of the table
in the centre of the table, beside the green box
at the far end of the table, slightly right of centre
on the close end of the table, slightly right of centre
in the centre of the table
near the centre of the table, right beside an orange disc
few distance away from center of the table
near right end corner
near the center of the table
near the right hand corner
near the vertical side of the table
at the front
in the middle
second from the back
in the middle
at the back
more or less in the middle of the table, next to the orange cylinder.
on the far side of the table, closest to the corner and a small yellow rectangular box.
next to the tall blue rectangular box on the far side of the table.
on the near side of the table next to an orange cylinder.
near the far right corner of the table, to the right of the larger yellow cube
placed very middle of the table and it is near to the yellow cube.
placed near the big green square and also it is in the left corner of the table.
placed in the left bottom corner of the table.
placed near the yellow ball and also it is in the top middle of the table.
placed near the small blue circle and also in the middle of the table.
between the purple cubes and the green cube
next to green block
between an orange and purple block
next to the orange cylinder and between the yellow blocks
next to the red sphere
straight nerar by cylinder
corner by the table
end of the table
next to rectangale and ball
last to table
a looks good.
violet color.
a yellow color.
two sides are equal.
blue color.
next to the cylinder
in the front left corner
next to the green box
farthest away
to the right of the blue cylinder
fourth from the front.
just  in front of purple square prism
just near pink sphere.
behind all structures.
just behind red sphere.
present in the middle of the table.
present left to the green colored circle
present next to the blue colored square
present in between orange colored rectangle and violet colored square 
present left to the green colored rectangle.
corners
top middle 
top middile
center
center
placed near to the edge of the table near to solid circular disc
placed at the front part of table farther away from other objects
 placed infront of  solid sphere
placed on its square face near to short cubiod
placed on last end of table near flat rectangular cubiod
gdd
dfd
gbfdgdf
dhd
dfd
Tables top corner
empty
just below the right top
object one and two's above
object two and one's below
Tables top corner
empty
just below the right top
object one and two's above
object two and one's below
placed near red ball
placed near blue sphere
placed near red circle
placed at corner of table
placed at end of table
position of object four is..first
position of objest four is...last
position of objest three ..is four
 position of object five is ..two
 position of object four is...two
placed on the right hand side of the green rectangular box
placed slightly below the center of the table in between the two yellow rectangular box
placed on the right hand side sticking to a cylinder object which is placed on the center
placed on the top right hand side of the table away from the edges
placed on the right hand side of the table just below the center of the table and away from the edges of the table
yeilo
Blue
green
Blue
round
on top middle of the table.
on the top right of the table.
in the top middle of the table. 
in the middle of the table. 
in the top right of the table. 
near cylinder 
far away from all the objects
near the sphere and at the edge of the table
far away from all the objects and at the edge of the table
near the sphere
the smallest object on the table.
surrounded by objects three, two, and one
adjacent to the blue cylinder.
near objects two and one
far from the other four objects and on the opposite side of the table.
behind orange cylinder
the first item on the table
approximately on the middle of the table, slightly rightwise from this point of view
the only item in the first quadrant of the table
next to the blue rectangular cuboid at one end of the table
located near a blue rectangular box
loacated near a blue cylinder
located near an orrange cylinder
located in between an orange cylinder and pink rectangular box
loacted  on top of the table near the centre,
near the far end of the table right of center.
in the center of the table to the immediate right a red solid cylinder.
near the proximal edge of the table just right of center.
located on the center line of table near the distal edge.
positioned in the top right corner of the table
blue in color
violet color
yellow color
orange color
coffee flavour biscut
in first place and object three  also done it
object four
near by the object first
 fifth object near by third object
 object  two 
This object is placed left side ot the table.
This object is placed in left corner of the table
nearly at the center of the the table
placed at the left of the table behind the gray cuboid
placed very close to circular shape object
left and right center
left
right must
left
frunt center
to the left of red sphere
adjacent to the blue sphere and is in the center of the table.
at the top edge of the table.
on the left corner of the table
adjacent to the orange cylinder and is a bit to the right of the center of the table
end of the table
left side of the table
near the center of the table
center of the table
left side of the table.
to the left of the green cube and in front of the orange cylinder 
in front of all of the cubes and to the left of the blue sphere 
to the left of the purple sphere and behind the purple cube 
in front of all the other objects on the table
to the right of the blue cylinder and behind the orange cube 
to the northwest of the array of items on the table
nearest the corner closest to my right hand
located to the farthest right corner of the table
to the left of the array behind the blue sphere
located nearest to teh green rectangular solid
beside a yellow ball
located  in front of the other objects
a blue block and a yellow ball
near the end of the table
a large purple cube is at rest
near to the sphere shape object
at the left end of the table
oval in shape
square in shape
purple in color
yellow rectangle
green cube
green cylinder
red sphere
yellow square
far right corner behind other objects
in the center of the table in front of all other objects
toward the far left corner of the table, in front of the orange circle, next to the green rectangle
in the far left corner of the table, behind the blue circle and to the left of the green circle
in the front left corner of the table, somewhat separated from the other objects
in the middle of the table
beside a blue ball in the middle of the table
at the back of the table slightly to the right of center
to the right of a orangeish-brown cylinder in the middle of the table
at the back the table, near the center but a little to the right
near the front center of the table, in front of the red ball.
in the rear left of the table, to the left of the small purple ball.
slightly toward the right of the table, touching the orange cylinder.
toward the front of the table, and slightly on the right.
toward the back on the right, in front of the blue rectangle.
to the right of the green rectangle
on the bottom left corner of the table
on the top right corner of the table
to the left of a red circle
above the orange circle and the red ball
next to a small yellow cylinder in the middle of a brown table.
at the far end of the table.
to the left of a small red ball in the center of the table.
to the right center of the table.
just past the center of the table to the left an imaginary midline.
a yellow box
a purple box
a green box
a purple box
a brown box
on the left side of a purple marble toward the back of the table.
toward the back of the table on the left side.
on the right side middle of the table.
sitting in the middle toward the back of the table.
on the middle right of the table.
on a black table, towards the back right corner.
located near the center of a black table.
located near the right front of a black table.
located towards the left center of a black table.
near the center of the table, adjacent to a small brown cylinder.
object three
object five
object five
object three
object three
near the back of the table, next to the purple sphere.
the farthest back on the table.
near the back of the table, next to the blue cube.
the front-most object on the table.
the front-most object, near the orange cylinder.
placed  at the right of the table near the blue cylinder 
placed at the rightmost corner of the table
placed i the right most of the table, in a position as a one vertex of a triangle shape with the pink and orange cuboid
near the red sphere 
placed near the blue sphere 
placed on the right most corner of the table
kept on the front side , left corner of the table
placed on the right most corner of the table
placed on the centre of the table next to the purple color spherical object
placed on the right side corner of the table, which is next to blue color cuboid object.
placed middle edge of the table.
placed right hand side of the table
placed middle of the table.
placed  right hand side of the table.
placed with edge of the table.
closest to side of the table.
in one of the corner of the table.
in between object two and object three
inline with object two
nearest to object one
on the back center part of the table to the left of the green block
in roughly the middle of the table with two blocks and a cylinder surrounding it.
in the far left center of the table
on the far end, right center area of the table. 
in the center area of the table right next to a green block.
near the blue ball object. It is very close to that blue sphere like object and positioned in the middle of the table.
positioned nearly middle of the table. Another violet cube object is nearly placed of it. But that object is smaller than this object.Another yellow rectangular prism like object is also placed near.
placed nearly the red sphere and orange cube and nearly the far end from the middle of the table.
place very nearly the blue cube like object and on the left far side of the table.
place nearly another big violet cube like object and in the left far end of the table
near to a cuboid placed verticaly along its length and dark green in colour
placed next to another cuboid in the middle of table,it is second cube from top edge of table
placed immediately next to a cuboid yellow in colour on upper half of table
placed in the centre of table,which is the second object from top edge of table
placed near leftmost corner of the bottom edge of table
on the right side of table
at the first place in the table
far from the rest objects on the table
bigger in size than any of the objects shown
blue in colour
kept on the table
kept near the edge of the table
kept above all objects in the table
the first object kept on the table
near the circular block
orange in colour.
very next to the orange cylindrical object.
behind the red ball and orange cylinder.
behind the small purple coloured ball. 
the only ball shaped object on the table.
ahead blue circle
before red ball.
in the middle of the table.
before the heighest itm on the table.
at the side of table.
placed on the left corner of the table.
placed near the center of the table.
placed near the side of the table.
placed near the center of the table.
placed near the center of the table.
below a ball near the right bottom corner 
at the bottom of the table between right and left corners
about mid way up the table
a little bit up from the bottom closest to the left corner
not far from the left corner a little ways up
just left of the red sphere.
to the right and a little ahead of a short blue cylinder.
closest to the far right corner of the table.
is nearly touching the short orange cylinder.
closest to the far right corner of the table.
placed at second position
placed at fourth position
placed at first position
placed at first position
placed at second position
present in the front of the table 
present at the edge of the table and behind all the objects
present in between cylinder,sphere and other two bricks
placed horizontally on the table and in front of the green cube
on the right hand side of the table
in the centre of the table 
 placed at the right hand (northern) end of the table 
right hand corner of the table
in the right hand (north western) side of the table
 nearly in the centre  to the southern west side
centre of table
end of table
near centre
centre
end
nearer to the center of the table
nearer to the shortest edge of the table
very nearer to the center of the table
almost nearer to one of the corners of the shortest edge of the table
near to the second smallest edge of the table
 placed to the left of the green object and placed close to the edge of the table.
in opposite the small green square block and parallel to the parrot green bigger block.
placed at the right side edge of the table.
palce at the furthermost edge of the table and a rectangular block and a round ball, a circular disc are place in front of it
placed to the right of the table placed in the front of the purple block which is closer to the edge of the table
furthest on the table
close to the upper left corner of the table
close to the lower left corner of the table
close to the middle of the table
central and closest to the lower side of the table
at slight right side above middle of the table
at slight left side above middle of the table
at left top the table
at slightly left side above middle of the table
at right top from the middle of the table
 farthest to all the objects on the table.
farthest object present on the table.
nearest object present on the table.
It is allmost in the middle of the table.
nearest to all objects present on the table.
it is to right corner
it is in stright corner
it is in the right corner
it is twords the right corner
right corner.
sitting next to a brown circular wheel
on the other side of the table, apart from everything else. 
near the end of the table, almost near a corner. 
between a green box and the side of the table.
in a corner of the table, almost surrounded by the other objects.
it is near to small green colour square box
it is on the left upper corner of the table
it is on the centre of the table which is near to brown cube
it is the first object from upper left corner of the table
it is on the middle of the table
right from the green cube.
between green cube and brown cylinder.
nearest object to the upper left corner of the table.
near the left side of the table and close to  yellow cube.
closest to the beginning of the table.
behind  to rectangle and it is in pale yellow
touch the  ball is in blue 
behind  to  rectangle in brown
it is end of the table from other objects
it is in between circle in brown and rectangle in green
Yellow circular object is placed in between a blue rectangular object and comparatively small pink circular object. 
It is placed just next to the red circular object
present just next to brown cylindrical object and is placed  near to a yellow square which is the last object kept in one end of the table. end  of tthe table and is placed close to ys 
 placed jusat right next to a brown cylindrical object
is placed just next to a  green rectanglur solid device towards the center of the table.
at the far end of the table behind the blue cube 
next to the orange disc 
the nearest to yellow cuboid
next to the blue disc 
in between the purple and orange cuboids
red color
shiny
orange
dark color
square shape
in between two purple cuboids and second from top.
 in the middle of the other two purple cuboids if we go anti-clockwise starting from the cuboid of which three sides are visible (purple).
very close on the right side of green cuboid and down of purple cube
very close on the right side of blue cylindrical shape.
very close on the right side of blue cuboid and second from top.
located at the far right hand corner of the table, at a position north north east from the magnolia rectangular prism.
located at a north north east position from the red coloured sphere.
located at a position south west from the green coloured cube.
very close to the sphere, blue in colour.
located at the near end of the table at a position south south east from the green coloured rectangular prism.
it is placed in center means that between objects five and one
it ispresented above the the object two
it is presented right to the object three
it is presented left to the object two
it is presented right to the object five
standing on the long narrow end
not close to falling off
not falling off, but close enough to the edge for the top to nearly touch it
near some other objects I hardly bothered to look at
unlikely to be disturbed by an accidental motion
 placed in the corner of the table.
placed near to the o posit  side of the table.
placed at the end of the opposite side off the table.
placed near to the center of the table.
placed near to the opposite side of the table.
located at the middle of the table
located near an green square object labelled five
located at the right corner of the table
located right to yellow coloured square 
at the left corner of the table
to the left side halfway up table.
right centered near front of table
near right corner at the back of table
beside a green colored object on table
to the left of green colored rectangular object on table 
to the left side halfway up table.
right centered near front of table
near right corner at the back of table
beside a green colored object on table
to the left of green colored rectangular object on table 
lengthwise bended
curved position down
close to the circle
end of the table
close to a square
located on the left side of a table and  positioned in the lower corner edge
positioned in the top upper edge of the table
positioned the closest to the top edge of a small table
positioned in the top right-hand corner of a table
positioned right below a blue number three cube object
in red color it is in center of the table
almost of that end
corner of that end
almost of that end
extreme  corner of table 
in the right corner of the table
in the left corner of the table
in the middle of the table
 in the middle-right position on the table
on the middle-left side of the table
just to the left of a small purple ball
at the very back of the table
just to the right of a small blue cylinder
just to the left of a blue ball
the object nearest to the back left corner of the table
closest to me located in the middle of the table
the closest object to me located slightly to the right corner of the table
located towards the back right corner of the table
located to the far right corner of the table behind all the other objects
the second to last object located in the middle of the table
between the yellow cubes
at the far side of the table
placed to the left of the red ball
is next to the green square
between the brown cube and the purple cube
sitting near the middle of the back edge of the table, near a blue box.
placed near the right corner of the table, at a distance from the other objects
laying near the middle of the table, next to a small purple sphere
sitting near the back left corner of the table, next to two purple boxes
sitting near the back left corner of a table
 placed before a big green box
 placed in first position from bottom
placed next to blue object
placed after the green object
placed in first position from the bottom 
in middle right
in the left corner of the table
in the middle of the table.
in the left side of the table.
in front of three cubes in the left side of the table.
near the far left corner the table, beside a green box.
close to the far left corner of the table.
the nearest object on the table.
the most distant object on the table.
closer than the other objects.
On the left back of the table, to the left of the green rectangle
In the back left of the table.
In the middle of the table to the left of the red ball.
In the far back of the table on the left.
In the front center of the table
infront of a red sphere near the front of the table
is resting on a short orange  cylinder near the center of the table
the furthest back object near the back right corner of the table
at the center of the table between the green rectangle, orange cylinder, and red sphere
near the back of the table between a purple rectangle and orange rectangle, both standing longways
pink box
rectangle size
round position
ball position
drum position
on the table
next to the green cube
placed on the table
placed next to cylinder on the table
in placed on the table with others cubes
 on the right near the corner of the table
near the middle of the table
near the middle of the table
almost near the middle of the table
near right corner on the table
in diogonal
in left sidevertical
above blue
right
in blue above object yellow
farthest from the table and left side to the yellow circle
closest to the table to the left side
in middle of the table and in between two yellow rectangles and a orange short cylinder
next to the green rectangle
to the left side of the red circle
at the front of the table
in the center of the table, near its far side
at the corner to your left
at the front of the table, to your right
in the middle, by a blue ball
at middle right side of the table
on right side to green color box 
located below  green color box and above  red color ball
at the top part of the table and below the blue color box 
at top right side of the table
in between the green cube and the yellow cube.
to the left of the green rectangle.
located next to the blue rectangle. 
the lowest object on the table. 
to the right of the orange circle and between the yellow rectangles.
on the left side of the table
at the far back edge of the table
exactly in the center of the table
located very near the orange sphere
slightly to the left of the center of the table
another violet object
the green object
blue spherical object
yellow object
violet spherical object
nearer to that of blue circular object.
in between two yellow colored objects.
very nearer to the blue color object
very nearer to the orange color object
at the far end of the table
bigger then number two.
bigger then all other four objects.
simply placing at number four.
bigger view of number four
bigger then all objects
It is placed left to the object one
that is present in right side of object two
placed above object three
placed at left hand side of object three
placed at the top of object one
placed between a three dimentional blue circle & a three dimentional brown rectangle
at the farthest end of the table
placed at almost the center of the table
placed adjacent to a blue ball
placed at the farthest right corner of the table
In front of all the other objects.
Behind all the other objects.
On the right side of the table between two other objects.
In front of the table
In front of the table.
near to lower side of table
near to red ball at center
near to mid point
at mid point of top side
the tallest one
near to round ball which is dark pink in color
straight to square box which is purple in color
in the middle of two rectangle yellow box
near to red color ball
diagonal to small green color square box
object three which is also adjacent to object two.
slightly on the left side of table.. in between object five and two and lies parallel to object one.
square shaped.. lying right to the fourth object....
ball shaped object.
round in shape.
near to cylinder and one  corner
just near to the center
near to one side and cuboid
present near to one of the sides and before cylinder and sphere
near to one side ,one small cuboid , sphere and cylinder
in between four objects
at the end of the table
at table edge
adjustant to ball
free area
the first object on the table.
the first object on the table.
in the middle of the table.
nearly at the end of the table.
near to the right side of the table.
placed at the  back of left hand side of the table
placed at the backside of the table
placed at the middle of the table at the backside
placed just in front of object three
placed beside object five
sitting on the far-end of a table, just a bit off-center toward the left.
sitting on the far end of the table, very close to the edge and is just a bit to the right of the centre.
sitting on the far end of a table, very close to the edge and is about midway between the center and the right table edge.
sitting midway between the far end of the table and the table's centre and is very close to a green rectangular block.
close to the middle of the table and near a red sphere and an orange cylinder.
at the far end of the left side of the table
at the front left side of the table
on the center of the table
at far end placed on right side of table
palced at center on the table
back of rectangle
next to orange rectangle
after circle and before rectangle
beside green rectangle
beside circle
At the front of the group of object
two thirds of the way back across the table, equidistant from the sides and beside a green block
At the front of the group of objects
In the centre of the table
Halfway along the table towards the kept hand edge
FLAT
IN THE THREE BY FOURTH OF THE TABLE
FLAT
CENTER OF THE TABLE
VILOET COLOR OBJECT
PLACED IN CENTER NEAR TO THE VIOLET BALL
PLACED IN BETWEEN BROWN CYLINDER & GREEN BOX
PLACED TOP LEFT OF THE TABLE
PLACE AT LEFT BOTTOM OF THE TABLE
PLACED AT TOP RIGHT OF THE TABLE
at the end of table
in left of green block
at the end of table
second last from end of table
behind green block
at the back, right of the table
 on the left,rear of the table.
next to the green rectangle, near the center of the table.
light brown and near the back of the table.
that is near the red ball
almost center
at almost bottom of the table
at almost top of the table
almost top left of the tablea
at bottom left of the table
to the left of a red ball in the center of the table
next to a small purple ball over half of the way back on the table
the furthest item on the table and is to the right almost to the back of the table
almost to the back of the table to the right hand side
located just to the left of a lime green square and a little in front of a large brown puck
right of red ball
behind the yellow ball object
near the cyan ballobject
right the object blue ball
left the cylinderobject
Top left side of the table above the blue cylinder
Middle Right side of the table 
Top Right Side near the middle of the table
Center of the table beside brown cylinder
Right Side of the Table Below Purple Rectangular Block
at the side of the table on north of pink colour cuboid
at the centre of the table
on the left upper corner of the table.
south side of the table.
north of the table.
behind a blue sphere and a flat brown cylinder, on the distal third of the table.
on the nearest part of the table.
beside a green parallelepided on the distal third of the table.
on the middle of the table beside a red sphere.
 on the left nearest corner of the table.
second
second
third
last
last
rectangle
circle
circle
round
round
the purple globe
a purple cube
the blue cube
the brown cube
the purple cube
directly to the right of the small cylindrical disk
diagonally between the similarly sized cylindrical disk and small cube in the back right
on the longest side of the triangle formed by two other rectangular prisms and a small cube.
located directly to the left of a lengthwise rectangular prism
located at the apex of a triangle formed by another smaller  rectangular prism and a small cube
the closest box on the table
next to the farthest object on the table
right in between all of the objects on the table
at the farthest part of the table
sitting at the right side of the red ball
next to the blue ball
near the back edge of the table
next to the blue square
on the left side of the green rectangular piece
round and brown object, just to the right of it.
placed in the center of the table between the brown rectangular prism and the purple rectangular prism.   
to the left of the small purple sphere.
on the center of the table parallel with the brown cylinder.
touching the lower-right part of the brown cylinder.
located on the lower left corner of the table.
in the corner of the table above a smaller blue hockey puck
near the edge of the table, next to a yellow sphere
the closest objec to us on the table, in the center, below a red sphere
in the top center of the table, above a red sphere and a larger yellow rectangular prism that is standing up
near the left top side of the table,among other rectangular prisms of various sizes and colors
positioned at the nearest corner on the table
the farthest obect away from me, at the far right corner of the table
at the center of the table, touching the blue sphere.
directly in front of the tall purple object and is in the far right hand quadrant of the table.
positioned near the back edge of the table, near the right hand corner.
Object four is placed ahead of all other objects on the table. 
Object two is green in color and is placed by the side of the blue object.
Object five is brown in color and is placed in front of all other objects.
Object five is placed near the left side edge of the near.
Object two is placed by the side of the spherical object.
located above an orange cylinder shape and is centered near the far end of the table.
located below the purple rectangular shape and above the blue circular shape.
located below the red circular shape and near the closest end of the table.
located near the lower left corner of the table.
located near a blue rectangular shape near the center, far edge of the table.
beside the blue square
beside the green square
beside the green rectangle
beside the blue cube
beside the orange cube
sitting on tope of the table
next to a purple sphere
next to a blue disc
next to a blue sphere
beyond a blue cylinder
towards the back of the table and to the left of the purple ball.
at the rear of the table on the left side.
at the very rear of the table situated in the center of the two sides.
the object closest to the front of the table.
between the two gold blocks and to the right of the brown disc
behind all other objects on towards the backs side of the table. 
slightly in front of the the blue cube, but behind all other objects, towards the back side of the table. 
behind all objects towards the right back side of the table.  
placed behind all purple objects, but in front of all other objects; towards the left side of the table. 
to the left of a blue sphere at the center of the table.
next to a green rectangle.
between two yellow rectangles and next to an orange circle. 
the furthest object away from the red sphere. 
furthest away from the blue sphere. 
furthest away from the purple rectangles.
Two
Three
one
one
Four
cylinder
ball
cylinnder
length
sequre
situated to the right of a brown cylindrical object in the middle of a black table.
to the left of a green rectangle and below a brown cylinder.
is on a table, next to two purple cubes and a small green cube.
on a black table next to another brown cylinder, along with a blue cylinder, and green and brown rectangles.
the farthest object away on a black table, situated next to a yellow ball; nearby are a small purple ball and green cube; large purple cube in at front.
middle
straight
top
left side
left side
in front of the sphere near the middle of the table
directly next to a short orange clynder.
near the back of the table to the right of a green rectangular shape.
near the back of the table near a blue rectangular shape.
next to a small green box just past the center of the table
in the middle
closer to the left corner of table
closest to the end of the table
in the middle
the last on the table fartherest from me
purple in color here and placed at the back of all the objects
light green in color here and is placed in front of all the objects
placed in font of all the objects
brown column
beside the brown colored flat disc
OBJECT  ONE
OBJECT THREE
OBJECT   TWO
OBJECT  TWO
OBJECT  FIVE
above three
above three
above three
above three
above three
placed at the top right corner of the table and just after the pink rectangular box
placed middle of the table next to the blue color boll.
 placed beside the violet color ball
placed top right corner of the table.
placed right side of the table next to the cylindrical shape
between the green cube and the red ball
near the lower left corner of the table
located beside a blue sphere.
near the left edge of the table
near the upper left corner of the table
in right most of the table
located at the middle of the end of the table
located at the left side of the table
at the middle of the table
located at the middle of the table.
object 
object 
object 
object 
object 
we
we
we
we
we
below the yellow colour rectangular cube
near to green rectangular cuboid
above the square cube
 above the orange cylinder
 the last object on the table
the closest object to me on the table.
to the imediate left and slightly behind the blue sphere.
the nearest object to me on the table.
slightly to the right and in front of the short blue cylinder.
to the left of the red sphere and behind the largest yellow rectangular block.
 placed near to blue square box and Opposite side to Pink colour square box
 placed near to blue colour small round material and almost in the center of the table.
 placed in the rectangle table as one side have circle and ball and other side have Brown Colour square box.
 places in corner of rectangle table near to brown colour round material and straight to brown colour square material.
 placed very near to small pink  colour round ball.
just to the left of the purple ball, near the middle of the table.
near the front edge of the table, towards the center
between two purple blocks, farther away and nearer the far end of the table
is just right of the blue block, near the far end of the table.
to the left of the red ball, between the yellow blocks, near the middle of t he table.
towards the back of table approximately two thirds of the length from front edge, along the left edge.
three quarters from the left edge and is almost as far towards the back of table
two thirds of the length of table back, and almost three quarters of the way across from the left edge
approximately a quarter of the table length backwards from leading edge, positioned in the middle from left to right. the rectangles position is slightly skewed with its right side forward 
kust under half way across from left edge, about three quarters of the way from leading edge
purple
left side
meron 
Meron
square is tall
corner
middle
left corner
left top corner
in the top of the table
a purple cube
an orangish brown rectangular cube
a green rectangular cube
in middle of the table from top view
in between a purple cube from front and a small green cube from behind
at the left to the blue sphere.
down of a purple rectangle.
close to a blue short cylindre.
close to two purple figures and a tiny green cube.
upper all the figures.
a blue box, larger then other objects.
a small yellow box.
a large purple cube.
a green, small, short, cylinder.
a small purple ball next to a green cube.
to the right of the blue rectangle
to the left of the red sphere
to the right of the green rectangle
in the very front of the table
in the very top left
near the center of the table, to the right of the two other purple cubes.
nearer to the bottom right of the table than any other object.
nearer to the bottom right of the table than any other object.
in the upper right-hand side of the table, roughly in the middle of the group of five objects.
the upper rightmost object.
near the center of the table.
next to a blue ball
in front of a red balll
near the edge of a table behind a yellow ball
near two other rectangular boxes
about at the halfway point of the table and a little to the right.
Directly next to the brown cylinder.
directly next to the yellow ball.
In the middle of the table to the back, left of the green square
Next to the blue cylinder.
behind the upright yellow rectangle
next to the short blue cylinder
on the corner of the table
in the center of the table
aside the green rectangle in  the center of the table
behind a blue ball and an orange cylinder and somewhat before a purple and a pink block
very much in the forefront of the picture, ahead of all other objects
far behind a large purple cube and next to a green cube
off to the side and ahead of the other objects in the image
far behind the other objects in the image, sort of off to the side
closest to me
in the middle of the table.
the second to last object from me.
on the near left corner of the table.
in the middle of the table.
to the center-right on the table
near the back, to the left
towards the back, in the center
to the right, in the center of the table, next to a brown disk
near the front of the table, somewhat to the right
to the right of the small purple cube.
to the left of the green rectangle.
to the right of the orange pie.
to the left of the small green pie.
in front of all other objects, on the left side of the table.
colorful
bright green
bright 
layed out flat
orange colored
at the end of the table, but closer than the blue square. The other objects on the table are closer than it.
the closest object on the table. It is slightly to the viewers right.
located toward the back of the table, between two purple squares. It is behind the othe squares.
at the very edge of the table to the back. It is behind all the other objects.
at the back of the table, behind all of the other objects. It is some distance away from them.
located near the back of the table
located near the edge of the table
located next to the round yellow object near the edge of the table
located on the left side of the table near the edge
located near the front of the table
farthest away, behind the pink and orange rectangular prisms.
to the left of a red sphere and behind and to the left of a yellow rectangular prism.
three-fourths table-length away from the front edge of the table, just left from the vertical middle.
in the front left corner of the table and the farthest away from the green cube.
to the left of a small purple sphere and about two-thirds table-length away from the front edge of the table.
at the front edge of the table.
below the purple block and beside the pink
the closest object to the front edge.
the one closest to the back edge
furthest to the left
at the very top of the table
at the very bottom of the table. 
next to the blue disk.
next to the blue block
at the very bottom of the table
One fourth of the way down the table, centered, in front of all other objects, 
at the opposing end of the table, centered, behind all other objects
two thirds of the way down the table, slightly left of center, to the right of a blue cylinder
two thirds of the way down the length of the table, one third of the way down the width, to the left of the green rectangle
one fourth of the way down the length of the table, slightly right of the center
in the middle of the table next to a purple ball
on the right side towards the bottom
near the top right corner
in the middle
near the back in the left corner
in the middle
first object on the right
toward the left and at the end
third square on the left
the second square on the right
just in front and to the right of the blue rectangular prism at the back.
in the middle of the table just to the right of the green rectangular prism.
nearest the back right corner of the table.
the object nearest the back left corner of the table.
nearest the front of the table.
a short circular brown cylindar
a green rectangle
standing alone in the front
a green rectangle
towards the back of the table by itself
on the far left side of the table
on the far right side of the table
to the far left of the table
in the middle right of the table
to the far left of the table
at the end of the table, in front of the blue box. 
near the middle of the table, next to the tiny purple ball. 
near the top left corner, under the brown cylinder cap. 
near the middle of the table above the red ball. 
near the top right corner of the table, behind the yellow box
Upper middle hafl of the table, just to the right of 2 ,below 3 and 1, and  above 5.
in the upper left quadrange, inbetween 4,5,and 3. Half a table length above 2.
at the far end of the table near the middle. Half a table length above 4.  To the right of 3,5,and 2.  3 is slightly above.
in the middle of the table, Below 4,5,3,and 2.  It is right next to 2, to the right of 2.
in the upper left quadrant.  Just to the left of 4, Almost directly below 3, slightly to the right.  Below 1.  And above 5.
in the middle of the table closer to the back. It is closest to the purple and orange rectangle.
almost directly in the center of the table, but a little closer to the right side. It is closest to the blue ball.
near the end of the table in the middle. It is by the blue rectangle, but not that close to the other objects.
closer to the left side, but near the center of the table. It is almost touching a green rectangle. 
near the left side of the table, closer to the back. It is near a green rectangle. 
furthest away from the front
closest to the front
closest to the front-left corner
closest to the front
closest to the back-left corner
between two yellow blocks and next to a red ball
at the top left of the table.
at the top right of the table
towards the center of the table.
at the bottom left of the table. 
touching the orange cylinder toward the middle of the table  near the front.
halfway between the two yellow blocks to the right of the orange cylinder
toward the back left portion of the table to the right of the blue cylinder
in the back right corner of the table
is the middle of the table, closest the front right corner of the table of all of the objects.
sitting near the center of the table, directly to the left of a smaller purple sphere which is sitting directly in the center of the table.
sitting near the center of the table, surrounded by two yellow cuboids, one above and one below, and a short orange cylinder to the left of it.
slightly to the right of the center of the table, with four objects behind it, further back. It is the closest object on the table.
near the back left corner of the table
near the center of the table, slightly to the right of the center.
on the middle left of the table, next to a small purple ball.
towards the back of the table, in front of a short orange cylinder and next to a green rectangular cube.
in the very front of the table, closer than any of the other objects.
in the very back of the table, behind all the other objects.
at the back left of the table, behind a short blue cylinder and opposite a short green cylinder.
nex to ball
in center of table
next to vertical green box
close to top left corner of table
close to top right corner to table
at one end of the table
at the top of the table
near the middle of the table
at one end of the table
near the top of the table
on the far side of the table
in the middle of the table
at the rear of the table
on my side of the table
at the back of the table
the farthest object away from the viewer
close to another object but farther away from the viewer than the purple cube.
at the farthest end of the table.
the second closest object to the viewer.
midway down the table
the location of the cylinder 
where the rectangle block is located
where the blue block is located
where the yellow block is located
is where the purple sphere is located
in the middle of the table, to the right of the green cube.
in the middle of the table, next to the orange, short cylinder.
in the middle of the table, next to a large red sphere.
in the middle of the table, next to a small purple sphere.
at the far end of the table.
The small, round purple ball is closest to a small green rectangle. It is a few inches to the left of the center of the table. 
The object is near the farthest left corner of the table. It is near the edge of the back but not touching it. It isnt very close to any other objects. 
in the middle, but farther back of the table. It is in the middle distance of two other rectangles. 
Near the back end of the table, pretty centered in that area though. It is directly next to a yellow, large ball. The rectangle is still bigger then it though. It looks to be right on the edge. 
Right next to a large blue square. This ball is more to the right in the table, and closest to the far end, almost on the edge. 
almost in the middle of the table
near the corner of the table
near the corner of the table
in the middle of the table, but closer to one side
closer to the corner of the table
back of table slightly to the right
center of the table slightly towards the close end
to the right of a green box in the center of the table
to the left of a red sphere that is on the center of the table
in the far back left hand corner of the table
in the back left corner, behind the others
in the front, but toward the middle of the table, more on the left side.
near the front of the group, near the middle of the table.
near the middle
at the back right corner
yellow rectangle
a small square
another rectangle
a rectangle
a square rectangle farthest away
 the second farthest object on the table.
the smallest purple cube on the table.
next to the green cube.
next to the small purple sphere.
behind the blue cylinder.
It is the top-rightmost object on the table.
It is in the top-rightmost corner of the table.
The closest object to the viewer, it is in the bottom right area of the table.
It is in front of a blue cuboid, in the center-back of the table.
The furthest object from the viewer in the center-line of the table.
adjacent to the green rectangular cube
mid table, close to the edge
next to the yellow sphere
next to the orange cylinder
mid table, behind the red sphere and orange cylinder
towards the far side of the table
towards the far side of the table
towards the middle of the table
towards the far side of the table
towards the right side of the table
in the middle of the table
right of the middle of the table
at the far edge of the table to the right
on the left of the red sphere
on the left of the green brick
infront of all of the other objects near the middle of the table.
behind all the objects except for object three, it still seems that it is near the middle of the table.
in the far back and shaded off onto the right hand side a bit.
Right next to object five and it seems like it is near the middle of the table.
It is second from the front and is parallel with object two. It seems like it is the upper half of the table.
near the center of the table a little off center towards the far end and right side.
near the center to the table off center slightly to the right side and is very close if not touching the blue sphere far left side.
is near the center of the table off center to the right and is close to or touching the brown cylinder's near right side.
near the center of the table off center to the far left side and is near the green box'es right side.
is near the center of the left side, off center towards the far side.
towards the rear right of the table
middle of the able, more to the right
middle of the table, towards the front and center
middle of the table,, bit to the right
towards the rear right of the table, somewhat centered
a green cube.
a blue sphere
a tall pink rectangular object
a green cube
a green cube
the right most object on the table as well as being closest to the foreground as well.
second furthest back on the table and on the left side right behind the three purple cubes
located right behind the blue ball
on the left side of the purple ball
relatively in the middle of the table
three quarters of the way down the table, slight to the left of the center, and next to a blue circle
to the right of the center of the table, and about three fifths of the way down the table
near the center of the table and to the right of a green rectangle
just to the right of the center, about three fifths of the way down the table
at the opposite end of the table, just to the right of the center
at the far end of the table
in the foreground
toward the back
to the right of an orange cylinder
next to a red ball
in front of other objects
in the middle to the left of the other objects
behind the other objects
next to blue sphere
in the center of the cubes and cylinder
just to the right and slightly in front of the orange cylinder
just to the right of the green box.
just to the left of the green rectangular box
about halfway down the table, close to the left side
the closest of all the objects on the table
the closest to the viewer
in the middle of the table
furthest away from the viewer
to the left-middle side of the table
in the middle of the table next to the purple sphere
the furthest left
near the edge of the table
between two other rectangular blocks
furthest away from the other objects
near a blue object
behind the yellow sphere
behind all the other cubes
to the right of the orange circle
to the left of the green cube
in front of the blue cube
at the opposite end of the table.
in front of the blue square at the end of the table.
the farthest away at the other end of the table.
next to the small purple sphere.
further away than the purple cubes but closer than the green cube.
in front of a red ball and the orange object
at the far end of the table next to the yellow sphere
at the far end of the table next to the blue box
next to a blue sphere in the center of the table
at the far left end of the table near two purple boxes and a small green one
in the furthest quarter on the left.
almost in the center of the table
is right beside the cylinder
further down the table from the cylinder
the closest object to the viewer
furthest away
inbetween two other purple cubes
next to green cube
closest
next to orange cylinder
in the middle of the table
toward the edge of the table
closest to the edge of the table
closest to the corner
toward the middle of the table
behind the first purple square and to the left and slightly behind the second purple square 
is the farther back on the table.  It is behind all the other square and slightly to the right
behind the first yellow square and directly to the right of the orange cylinder
the first object on the table.  it is slightly in front of and slightly to the right of the orange cylinder
behind square number four and directly to the left of the red ball
the orange hockey puck.
the blue rectangular box.
 the purple sphere.
the small green box.
the blue hockey puck.
Close to the edge of the table furthest from me. 
Behind the yellow rectangle, close to the right corner furthest from me. 
Close to the closest edge to the camera, in front of the round circle.
Near the left edge of the table, close to the yellow cube.
right next to the rear edge of the table.
in front of the purple object
to the right of the bright green object
to the left of the green object
all the way in front of all these other objects
to the right of purple and orange
the orange cylinder.
the blue rectangle.
the orange box.
the red ball.
the purple ball.
Near in left Corner
Left Middle
Right Side
In Middle
Left Middle
located at the far end of the table.
located closest to me
in the upper left side of the table
to the right of a green rectangle
in the middle of the other objects
in the middle distance of the table
the farthest object on the table in respect to the viewer
behind a yellow rectangle but still near the viewer
behind a yellow rectangle and next to a red sphere
just in front of a large, squat, orange cylinder
near the furthest edge of the table and right of center
center of table
 a little south of center of table
in between the other four
back left of the table
towards the back of the table.
in the middle.
in the middle.
in the back.
in the middle.
next to the blue square at the back of the table.
towards the center of the table, behind the yellow rectangle.
directly next to the blue circle.
at the far back end of the table.
directly in the middle of the table.
laying straight on the table
is offset from the middle of the table
in the middle of the table
next to an orange cylinder
in the middle and close to the edge of the table
at the far end of the table, towards the right middle.
at the far end of the table slightly to the right of the middle
towards the back-right of the table
towards the back-left of the table
almost at the far end of the table barely on the left of the middle
in the middle of the table
towards the end of the table next to the cylinder
next to object one in the middle of the table
towards the front of the table on the corner
towards the end of the table in the corner
in the middle of the table to the right of a purple cube
in the middle of a table next to a blue sphere
in the middle of a table next to a red sphere
at the end of the table
on the left side of the table on the left of a rectangular cube.
up front
second to farthest in the back
in the middle of the table a bit to the left
in the middle of the table
in the middle of the table, to the left a bit
now at the far right of the table
object three which is a rectagle a little more to the right
a mauve block
a blue sphere
a brown block
closest to viewer
next to green cube
next to green rectangular object
between red sphere and green cube
far away from the viewer
next to the blue sphere 
behind the purple cubes and diagonal to the green cube
adjacent to the purple sphere
behind the orange cylander and red sphere and in front of the green cube
adjacent to the red sphere
in the bottom left corner of the table
the top center of the table
in the center of this the nearer third of the table
on the far center of the table
on the center of the farther third of the table
left of center, near the middle of the table and immediately next to a small purple ball.
towards the back-right of the table, in the middle of the group of objects.
the object nearest to the center of the table.
the closest object to the front of the table.
towards the middle back, behind a red sphere.
at the top roght side of the table
middle of the table to the right of the yellow block but slightly left of the green
In the middle of the table between the yellow objects
to the left of the green rectangular object towards the back of the table
right next to the green object on the right
in the center of the table next to a sphere.
on the back of the table near the left corner.
 near the center of the table, slightly off to the right.
near the center between two rectangles and a cylinder.
 on the back left corner of the table.
in the middle
next to a cube
furthest left
top right
bottom of the table
next to the sphere
in front and to the left of the green rectangle
near the front of the table and is purple
on the front of the table to the left
next to the small purple sphere
next to the blue block
located in the middle of the table, next to the orange object
located in the far upper left-hand section of the table
located in the far upper right-hand section of the table, the nearest object being the orange cylindrical block
located next to the green rectangular block
in the middle of the table and to the right of a green rectangular object.
in the middle of the table with a orange brown short cylinder like object to its left. 
in the middle of the table with a blue ball to its right. 
in the furthest left corner of the table. 
in the lower middle half of the table and slight to the left side. 
on the edge of the desk closest to us
it is the farthest away from us on the table.
in the middle of the table directly next to a sphere
directly next to a cylinder shaped object
In the middle of the table but closer to the left edge.
the second object from the end of the table closest to mea
located the farthest away from my end of the table
three objects away from my end of the table
located in the center of the table
placed at the farthest distance away from my end of the table
farther away than the other objects
in the back left corner of the table
in front of the red ball
not near any other object
to the right of the green square
south of the red ball
just to the right of the green rectangle
to the north east of the smaller yellow cube
directly to the right of the orange cylinder
directly to the right of the orange cyclinder
near the back left corner of the table
at the back of the table, to the right of and slightly behind a yellow cube.
near the back of the table, adjacent to and slightly in front of a similarly-sized blue cube
about one fifth of the way back from the table's front edge, in the center, in front of a red sphere
near the back of the table, adjacent to and slightly behind a similarly-sized yellow cube
near the center
by the back right corner
to the left of the green rectangle
along the back edge
behind the yellow sphere
farthest away from the foreground of all the objects and close to the upper right corner from this perspective.
second farthest from the front, just behind the red ball and center on the table
closest to the foreground, and central on the table
close to the back left corner, behind the purple boxes but before the green box
closest to the foreground and closest to the near right corner and slightly off center
on the left side of the table, closest to the person watching the picture
inbetween the red ball and the green cube
between a green rectangle and an orange cylinder on the far side of the table on the left
right next to a blue rectangle on the far side of the table in the middle
near the right far side of the table
on the right side of the table between objects five and three
near the far edge of the table
to the left of object four
near the far edge of the table
close to the left edge of the table in the middle
located on the forward left corner of the table
located slightly right of the center of the table
located near the rear left corner of the table
located slightly right of the rear center of the table
located slightly right of the center of the table
in the middle of the table next to the blue ball.
in the middle of the table.
near the front of the table by itself.
in the front right corner by itself.
in th emiddle of the table with a red ball in front and a green square behind it.
the purple cube
a purple cube
a red ball
a purple cube
an orange puck.
blue circle
yellow circle
red ball
the purple block
upright red block
which is in the middle of table next circle objects.
at the other end of the table next to nothing.
next to a cylinder object in the middle of the table. 
to the left and very close to where to the front of the table. 
at the other end of the table to right next to nothing. 
near the center of the table towards the back left, to the left of the small purple sphere
near the right side of the table, towards the back, up right from the orange cylinder and blue sphere and down right from the pink rectangular prism
near the back left corner of the table, up right from the small purple rectangular prism and down left from the small green cube.
near the center of the table towards the left, left of the red sphere.
very near the bottom left corner of the table, far away and down left from all the other objects
 sitting the right of a squat blue cylinder.
near the center of the table, next to a smaller purple cube and a yellow rectangular box.
sitting between a small purple cube and a smaller green cube
at the far side of the table, near an orange cylinder
sitting close to the near side of the table, with a red sphere just beyond it.
on the very top left hand side
on the very top right hand side
on the very top end of the table
to the very front of the table
on the top right hand side.
near the back of the table.
in the front left corner of the table
right next to a small green square
in the back of the table next to a yellow sphere
next to a small purple sphere
farthest from my point of view close to back right corner of table.
closest from my point of view about one and a half block lengths from front edge and three block lengths from right edge of table.
the central object on the table closer to the right edge, about four block lengths. The block is about four block lengths from the center of the table moving away from my point of view.
close to the center of the table about one block length moving away from the center towards the back edge and two and one half block lengths from right edge of table.
 close to the back left edge of the table about two block lengths from left edge and two and one half block lengths from back edge of table.
towards the end of the table
in the middle of the table
ahead of the yellow cube
towards the end of the table
next to the blue sphere
behind all other objects. 
in front of all other objects. 
behind objects two, four, and five and next to object one. 
behind object four, next to object two and in front objects five and three. 
in front of object three and behind all other objects. 
object the blue cylinder
the orange cylinder
the largest purple box
the small green box
the pink rectangle
closest towards the viewer on the table, located farthest away from the other objects.
located towards the middle of the table, close to the midpoint between another purple cube and a green cube
located behind a yellow sphere
located towards the back right corner of the table, away from other objects
located before the purple rectangular prism but after the orange rectangular prism
 the furthest away and has its edges at fortyfive degree angles in relation to the edges of the table.
the third closest object and is on the far end of the table.
the closest object towards the front of the table and is just slightly off from being perpendicular with the edges of the table.
at the front left corner of the table and is at fortyfive degrees in relation to the edge of the table.
on the far edge of the table and is the furthest object away. It is closer to the middle on the right side.
upper right of the table, behind all other objects
upper right side of the table, on perpendicular lines with the orange objects
just right of the middle of the table, very near the short orange cylinder
at the center of the table, surrounded on by other objects behind, in front, and to the left
slightly right of the center of the table, with some space between it and the other objects
the furthest from my perspective
the most distant from my perspective
approximately in the middle of the table
located towards the rear of the table
closest to my perspective. 
On the center of the table, next to the orange cylinder.
slightly above center of the table, adjacent to the small green box.
near the top center of the table, next to the blue box.
right-center side of the table.
center of the table, between the two yellow boxes.
on the upper left of the table
on the left
toward the foreground on the right
toward the middle of the table
toward the upper right
beside a green cube
at the back of the table
in the middle of the table.
close to an orange cylinder 
between a red sphere and green cube
a purple hue cube adjacent to a purple and yellow cube.  
the smaller of two cubes on the table.
the closest item to the center of the table
the farthest item to the rear of the table
the larger of two green cylinders on the table, close to the rear of the table.  
towards the top right corner of the table.
towards the top center of the table. 
at the top center of the table.
close to the middle of the table, but leaning more towards the right side.
closer to the top of the table rather than the bottom, and is leaning towards the left side of the table more than the right.
next to the purple ball, further away than the purple block
next to the yellow ball, further away than all other objects
in front of all the other objects
the second furthest object, in between the purple block and the green block
next to a green block, most of the way down the table
near the back lefthand corner
farther back on the table
slightly in front of the small blue cylinder
directly adjacent to a tall orange cylinder
very far away from all other objects on the table
a third away from the top edge
forming a triangle with two purple cubes
about halfway down the table
around halfway down the table near the middle
near the top edge of the table
next to a purple sphere near the end of the table 
twards the front of the table in front of a red sphere
at the rear of the table to the left of a green rectuangular cube 
at the back of the table near a blue rectanglar cube
at the front of the table by itself 
on the table towards the viewer
between the two yellow rectangular prisms.
at the farthest end of the table
on the left side of the table, in the middle.
in the middle of the table.
a color
made of four right angles
a beautiful color
the color of trees
a circular object
turned and closest to me
far away, but not farthest from me
next to the orange shape
in the middle of the table
in the middle of the table
by the top right corner, near the pink and orange rectangular prisms
touching to the small orange cylinder near the center of the table
in the upper, center of the table, touching the yellow sphere.
in the upper left corner
near the upper left corner of the table
At the right corner closest to me.
at the end of the table opposite of ne near the orange and purple rectangular boxes.
near the end of the table opposite of me and next to the small purple ball.
In the middle of the table.
at the end of the table opposite of me between the orange cylander and the red ball.
in the front third of the table just to the right of center.
on the line between the first and second third of the table just behind the small purple cube.
Just to the right of the center of the table.
in front and to the right of the center of the table, just in front of the orange cylinder. 
just in ront and to the right of the smal blue cylinder.
to the left of the red sphere
separate from the other objects at the far end of the table
in the far left corner
clustered between the other objects
touching the green block
in the middle of the table , slightly geared toward the top left of the table
sitting in the middle of the table, about two degrees right of the center
near the back right of the table
near the center of the table, just to the left of it 
at the back of the table, nearing the furthest edge
close t centr and between other objects
between the center and the right edge
closer to the right edge than the left edge
abovecloser to the far edge than the other objects
closer than the rest of the objects
closest to the end of the table and near the pink cube.
closest to the smallest purple cube and about two cube widths from the edge of the table.
farthest away from the other objects.
closest to the orange cube and the purple cube.
closest to the yellow sphere and farthest away from the purple cube.
close to the yellow circle.
at the far end of the table 
right next to the green rectangle.
close to the center of the table.
on the left corner closest to us.
In the middle of the table next to object five
behind all of the other objects
on the table in the left rear
in the middle rear  to the left of the orange cube
in the very back, behind the other objects
near the green rectangular prism, towards the edge of the table.
right next to the purple sphere
right next to the yellow sphere
nearest the far right corner of the table
near the edge of the table, adjacent to the green cylinder.
in the top lefthand corner of the image. 
in the top righthand corner of the image. 
in the bottom of the image to the right of the center. 
in the top lefthand quadrant of the table. 
in the center of the table. 
in the middle of the table to the right.
directly next to the wide short cylinder
directly next the the blue box
in the back right of the table
center back of the table by itself
 in front of the other objects, in the middle of the table.
on the back left of the table, in front of the yellow block
in the back middle of the table, next to a small purple ball
in the middle back of the table to the right of a green cube
In the back right of the table, away from the other objects.
the highest and furthest right.
 by the closest edge of the table.
in the middle of the other objects.
below and to the right of the other objects.
next to a green cube and int the middle of the table.
the short blue cylinder
the green cylinder
the blue ball
the purple cube
the yellow cube
where the prefect purple cube is
where the pink cube is
how I would describe where the brown rectangle is
where the red ball is located
where you can find the greeen cube
near the opposite side of the table
in the middle of the table near the smallest purple cube
touching the blue ball at the center of the table
near the middle of the right side of the table 
very close to the purple ball
the nearest object, and at a slight angle to the rest of the objects
the farthest object, angled with one end pointing towards the yellow sphere
beside the blue cylinder and diagonally between the orange cylinder and orange rectangular box
the nearest object, and at a slight angle
the nearest object, nearly touching the orange cylinder beside it
slightly to the right on the far end of the table
slightly to the left, and a little past the middle
on the right side of the table
in the bottom left corner of the table
near the far left corner of the table
the one with two blocks on both its left and right sides.
in front of all other blocks
by the front left edge of the table
one of the two front-most objects that isn't orange. 
the closest object to the middle of the table.
close to the middle of the table.
Near the top edge of the table.
Near the top edge of the table.
Close to the end of the table.
Near the middle next to the orange cylinder.
top of the table
middle of the top slightly towards the top
middle left top of the table
middle left of table near top
middle of the table
behind the blue ball, closest to your point of view
closest to your point of view, in front of red ball and brick coloured cylinder
farthest back on the table from your pov, the only green object on the table, back right corner.
back right corner of the table between orange and purple rectangles.
farthest back behind big yellow square.  back right corner.
far left corner
far center of the table
middle right side of the table
far middle of the table
middle left side of the table 
on the left side of the middle of the table
on the far side of the table, surrounded by other objects
at the far end of the table
in the far left corner of the table, near the green rectangle and orange cylinder
in the far left corner of the table
toward the end of the table
at the far right of the table
near the center of the table
near the end of the table
almost on the exact center of the table
at the top part of the table mid-right section
somewhat in the middle and next to the tiny purple sphere
in the middle of the table
about a quarter away from the bottom side of the table below the large red sphere
about a quarter of the way from the top side of the table and above the large orange cylinder
far away
closest to me
the leftmost object
small and far away
the leftmost object
far away
closest to me
the leftmost object
small and far away
the leftmost object
It's inbetween the rest of the objects.
It is at the far end of the table.
It is at the far end of the table
It is right next to object one near the middle of the table.
It is next to object two near the middle of the table.
in the middle of the table, next to the cylinder
sitting on the left corner of the table, closest to me.
slightly off to the right of the center of the table, next to the cylinder
a little bit off center on the table, more towards the back and the right.
slightly towards the front of the table and quite a bit off to the right, but not at the edge fo the table
at the left, front corner.
standing alone near the center of the table.
located next to the blue cube
is located  behind two purple cubes
located to the left of the yellow cube
at the far end of the table near the mid sized cube
at the far end of the table near the edge
on the near end of the table near the edge
in the middle of the table, near the left edge
almost directly in the middle of the table
near the center of the table.
near the center of the table
near the edge of the table
near the center of the table
close to the corner
positioned at the far back right corner of the table
front and center on the table, before the other objects
It is in the center of the table, adjacent to the blue sphere
it is behind the red sphere, slightly off to the left, in the center of the table
adjacent to an orange cylinder in the middle of the table
In the middle of the other objects.
in front of the other objects.
in about the middle of the other shapes
next closest to the back.
next to the green rectangle 
next to a taller purple cube and a yellow cube.
near the center of all of the other objects, closest to a smaller orange disk and a pink three-dimensional rectangle.
at the far edge of the table, not immediately near other objects, but next to a larger brown disk.
at the far edge of the table, behind a smaller blue disk and next to a smaller green disk.
at the near edge of the table, far away from the other objects.
between the orange and purple blocks of the same size. However block four is more toward the middle of the table. 
behind all of the other objects, and more towards the back right corned of the table. 
the frontmost object and is just a little in front of and to the right of a short orange cylinder. 
the middle object of all the objects, there are two in front and two behind it. 
the frontmost block out of all the blocks and is situated in the front left corner of the table. 
next to the green cube in the middle of the table.
in the front of the table
next to the small purple sphere in the middle of the table.
behind the blue shere and brown cilinder. 
is in the back of the table next to the blue cubve.
north of the rectangle and to the right of the cylinder.
towards the back side of the table near the small blue cylinder.
towards the back of the table to the right of the brown cylinder.
to the left of the red sphere behind the yellow rectangular block.
behind the brown cylinder and blue sphere but in front of the slightly pink rectangular block.
on the table near the back left corner is
next to the red ball on the table
in the back next to a blue circle
way at the back right of the table
on the back left of the table
behind the yellow and green blocks but in front of the other purple blocks.
just left of the blue ball and behind the blocks.
the left-most object on the table.
just right of the green cube.
after three purple blocks but before the small green block.
in the middle.
on the top right.
on the top right.
in the middle of the table
on the left.
left of the green rectangular block.
is located to the right of the green retangular block.
 located towards the back right side of the table.
located at the front of the table.
located on  the right side of the tabletowards the back.
far.
closer to the camera.
near the edge.
near the camera. 
at the top left. 
at the very far end of the table, just after the yellow sphere.
at the very far end of the table, past the pink rectangular prism
near the middle of the table, to the right of a similar purple cube
at the far end of the table, to the left of a green cylinder
at the far end of the table, just before the blue rectangular prism
at the far end of the table
next to a blue cylinder, a little more than half way down the table
right next to a green box
near the middle of the table
close to the far end of the table, past a short yellow box
a blue box
a blue box
next to a purple sphere
in the top right hand corner
an orange box
furthest away from my perspective in the middle of the table.
the furthest object from my perspective towards the right side of the table.
the closest object to me towards the middle right of the table
to the left of the green rectangle, more on the left side of the table
very close to me, more on the right side of the table.
object four
object four
object five
yellow object one
the purple number two box
in the middle of the black table.
is on the left corner of the table closest to the viewer.
in the center of the table, but a bit closer to the back.
toward the left hand corner of the table farthest from the viewer.
near the corner of the farthest right corner side of the table.
the object nearest to the far left corner of the table
the object nearest to the near left corner of the table
the furthest object on the table
the farthest object on the table
in the center of the arrangement of objects and near the right side of the table
above all the other objects
to the left of all the other objects
at the bottom left
at the top of the objects
touching a blue sphere
towards the back of the table slightly on the left side
on the back of the table towards the right side
towards the back of the table. In the middle
in the middle of the table on the left side
at the back of the table
next to the orange object
in the center of the objects
next to the blue cube
on the left side
on the top left corner
object three.
object two.
 object five.
object two.
object four.
in the back right corner
at the back edge towards the right corner
in the front left corner
in the middle back in front of a blue cube
towards the front slightly to the right
in the middle of the table, between two yellow rectangles
isolated towards the bottom of the table 
to the top left of the table above a smaller blue circle 
towards the bottom of the table below the red ball
the square furthest down the table in the bottom left corner 
located in the upper left hand corner of the table.
positioned near the bottom left corner of the table.
located near the top right corner of the table.
located near the center of the table touching another object.
located between the center of the table and the left edge. 
in the middle of two purple objects
at the head of the table
in front of all the other objects
sitting next to the sphere
on the left side of the table
located roughly in the center of the table.
sandwiched between a red sphere, short orange cylinder and small green box
near the back right corner of the table, in front of a small purple cube and behind a blue sphere
located at the back left of the table, behind a small blue cylinder and green cube 
slightly in front of a orange cylinder, obscuring the right side of the cylinder from view.
closest to the middle of the table.
the closest to the right side of the table.
left of the ball.
the furthest object on the table.
closest to the center of the table.
touching object two, and closest to our end of the table.
near the lower left corner of the table
closest to our end of the table, towards the right half
centered among the other objects.
farthest away from us, towards the upper right corner of the table.
is in the farther left of the table.
on the farthest right of the table.
closest to the table and is largest.
near the middle of the table.
the farthest in the table.
in the back of the table
next to the cylinder
next to the small cylinder
next to the tiny sphere
at the edge of the table
above the sphere.
next to the blue cube
next to the orange cylinder
above the blue cylinder
to the right of the blue cylinder
closest to the observer at the front of the table
furthest from the observer at the back of the table
further away than the purple boxes, but closer than the green box
behind the orange cylinder, orange box, and blue sphere
behind and to the left of the orange rectangular prism
in the middle of the table in front of the other objects
nested in the back of the table
the furthest back of all the purple cubes
in the front of the table
nested in the back of the table near the other objects
in the far center of the table to the right of the green cube
a few inches to the right of the center of the table
at the far edge of the table to the right of the blue box
at the front left corner of the table
at the far side of the table, left of center
next to the blue disk near the middle of the table
and is below the red ball, which is in the middle of the table
and is located at the top left corner of the table
in the middle of the table about one third of the table down from the top end
near the top left of the table
is the item from the front behind another.
all the way to the bottom of the table.
first item on far left.
the first one on the right side next to brown one.
it is on the far left and next to a small purple ball.
on the table in the foreground.
in the middle of the table in the background
smack dab in the middle of the table
in the background next to a green block
in the background and is the farthest object from the viewer
on the back left side of the table.
on the back left of the table.
on the back left side of the table.
on the back right side on the table.
on the back right side of the table, behide the blue small cylinder.
furthest away near the edge of the table
closest to the viewer on the edge of the table
next to the green rectangular prism
next to the blue cylinder
next to the blue rectangular prism
near the back
middle left of the table
left side of the table
middle front of the table
back left corner
at the back of the table
at the far left corner
near the back of the table
at the far end of the table, midway between the corners
just to the right of the center of the table
in the left rear corner of hte table.
a lttle bit right of center on the table.
near the right side about three quarters down the table.
left of center about one-third down the table.
in the center about two-thirds down the table.
object three
object two
object three
object one
object one
a few inches behind object five
an inch away from the edge of the table
immediately behind object one
a few inches behind object one
a few inches directly behind object four
in the middle
on the far edge of the table
on the near side of the table
nearest towards my location
in the middle of the group of objects
at the edge of the table.
next to the blue cylinder
near the end of the table
by itself
right behind the red ball
in the middle of the table
near and to the left
middle left on the table
back and right
middle left
in front of all the other objects when you face the table
in between two rectangular boxes also standing on their small faces
in front of all the other objects when you face the table
positioned behind all the other objects on the table
is positioned just to the right of a blue sphere and in front of three other objects on the table
near the center of the table adjacent to a small purple sphere.
near the center of the table slightly to closer to the right edge isolated from the other objects
halfway across the table toward teh left edge
near the center of the table close to a blue sphere
next to the blue cylinder
far away to the right
close near the center
far away to the right
far away to the left
in the middle
next to a green rectangle in the middle of the table
standing upright in the middle of the table
on the left side of the table
near the top of the table
next to a green rectangle near the top of the table
the second to furthest away.
in the upper right-hand corner of the table
closest to the front
next to the blue prism
the second closest object to the front
 towards the bottom of the table while still placed in the middle.
towards the top right of the table.
right next to the purple ball towards the top middle of the table
towards the top middle of the table
towards the top left of the table
near the middle of the table, right next to the red sphere, behind the red cube and in front of the blue cude and yellow sphere.
next to the blue sphere in the middle of the table, in front of the orange, pink, and maroon cubes.
in the middle of the table closer to the viewer, in front of all the other objects
in the back right corner of the table, behind all the other objects
in the bottom left corner of the table
next to the green rectangle
between two yellow blocks
closest to me
on the edge of the table next to me
on the left corner of the table furthest away from me
on the close left corner of a rectangular table, angled with one face facing the nearest corner.
one-third of the way down the table, in the center horizontally.
next to an orange cylinder.
almost halfway back on the table, to the right.
just over halfway back on the table, almost all the way to the left
behind the ball
next to the box
by the end of the table
next to the purple boxes
in the front of the table
in the middle in terms of position
second from the back
in the front
in the back
second from the back
in the far right corner.
the farthest object from myself.
to the left of a green, rectangular object.
towards the middle of the table, on the right hand side
towards the back left corner. 
the nearest object to the center of the table and very close to the sphere
leftmost
closest to the left-back corner
closest to the blue cylinder
furthest back
in the foreground of the picture in front of all other objects.
is to the left of the red sphere behind the yellow box in the foreground.
in the back left corner of the table to the left of a tall green cylinder
adjacent to the squat blue cylinder close to the back of the table.
to the right of the squat orange cylinder in the middle of the table.
purple in color
also purple in color
almost at the edge of the table.
beside the rectangular shaped box.
like the largest object on the table
in the center of the table
towards the back of the table
in the back corner of the table
to the right of center on the table
in the far right corner of the table
the green rectangular prism
the green cube
the purple sphere
the orange rectangular prism
the orange rectangular prism
furthust from me relative to the other objects and on the edge of the table
is is on the north west corner of the table
it is on the south west corner of the table
in the south west corner of the table
it is in the middle of the table lengthwise and on the west side of the table.
located at the rear part of the table from the angle i am looking from
located approximately in the middle of the table
located near the center of the table
located near the center of the table
located near the center of the table
located at the rear part of the table from the angle i am looking from
located approximately in the middle of the table
located near the center of the table
located near the center of the table
located near the center of the table
the green prism
the blue cylinder
the other purple block in the middle
next to the brownish cylinder
the red sphere
to the left of the green box
to the right of the orange cylinder in the middle of the table
at the far end of the table to the right
to the right of the green box
horizontally centered on the far end of the table
in the foreground on top of a table
on top of a table in the rear
on top of a table, next to an orange cylinder
on top of a table in the rear
on top of a table, next to a blue cube in the rear
in the middle of the table next to a smaller purple cube and in front of a yellow and a green cube.
on the other side of the table near a pink block and in front of a purple block.
in between a green block and a cluster of objects that includes a sphere, a circular object, and another block.
towards the edge of the table behind the other objects.
in front of the rest of the objects, and sitting towards the middle of the table.
towards the back of the table on the lefthand side.
near the center of the table about three-quarters of the way back.
slightly to the right and back of the center of the table.
to the left of the middle of the table.
all the way in the back of the table a bit to the right of the center.
near the corner of the table
near the corner of the table
close to the red sphere
near the center of the table
near the corner of the table
mideast side of the table.
on the lower left corner.
in the middle but also on the upper part of the table.
on the very north of the table.
almost in the middle of the table.
the object closest to the viewer of the picture.
in between the blue cylander and the orange rectangular prisim.
closest to the back right corner of the table
closest to the viewer
behind the blue ball and orange cylander but in front of the pink rectangular prisim and the purple cube.
near the back
near the back left corner
in the middle of other objects , towards back of table
at the front left side 
furthest forward on table
just behind the blue object
approximately on the center of the table
in between the yellow ball and purple cuboid
lying on the left edge of the table and very far from the orange colored cuboid.
in between the orange colored thick disk and green colored square shaped object
to the left of the sphere.
in the middle left.
far right back.
slightly to the right and behind the blue sphere.
in the front right.
on the north edge of the black box
on the middle bottom portion of the black box
in the middle of the black box
in the middle of the black box next to a green box
in the middle of the black box
located on the closest left corner of the table
the object in between the two closest objects and two farthest objects
right next to or even touching the blue sphere
the farthest green object
is the object closest to the center of the table
at the top right corner of the table, to the right of the the fat orange cylinder
closer to the top end of the table, midway between a purple rectangle and an orange rectangle
closer to the top right of the table and a short distance away from a yellow rectangle
close to the very middle of the table, in between two yellow rectangles and to the right of a fat orange cylinder
close to the left edge of the table, nearest a yellow rectangle and a fatter, purple rectangle
near the farthest edge and towards the rights side of the table
located toward the right edge of the table in the middle of the other objects
near the furthest edge of the table toward the right hand side
close to nearest edge of the table toward the right hand side
near the furthest table edge and towards the left hand side
beside a green cube, in the middle of the table.
in the middle of the table.
near the side of the table closest to the viewer.
beside a purple sphere in the center of the table.
just right of the center of the table, from the viewer's perspective.
not lined up with the other cubes on the table.
in the middle of the table
behind all of the other objects on the table
on the table close to a cylinder 
in the center of the table. it is labeled as object two
below the red sphere, below and to the right of the orange cylinder, and below the shorter yellow rectangle, also below and to the left of the green cube
below the green cube, to the bottom right of the yellow rectangular prism, to the right of the smaller rectangular prism, and above and to the right of the large purple cube
above the blue sphere, above and to the right of the orange cylinder, below and to the right of the pink rectangular prism and below the purple small rectangular prism
to the left of the small green cylinder, above the small blue cylinder, above and to the left of the green rectangular prism, and way above and to the left of the orange rectangular prism
below and to the right of the green cylinder, below and to the right of the green rectangular prism, below and to the right of the blue cylinder, way below and to the right of the orange cylinder
toward the back of the table, but further forward than the purple cubic object. It's slightly to the right of center.
in the rear left quadrant of the table. It's just to the left of the small purple sphere.
just to the right of the orange wheel-shaped object near the center of the table.
near the center of the table, but to the left. It's left of the red sphere.
near the rear of the table, to the right of the small blue wheel-shaped object.
perfectly round geometrical object in three-dimensional space
three dimensional shape with container with a flat base and sides, typically square or rectangular and having a lid.
three dimensional shape with container with a flat base and sides, typically square or rectangular and having a lid.
a three dimensional shapehape that has six sides like a cube, but four of the sides have a longer height than width
three dimensional shape with container with a flat base and sides, typically square or rectangular and having a lid.
behind a blue ball and orange cylinder
behind the first purple rectangle in the middle of the table
next to the purple ball
next to the blue cylinder
behind all the other sapes
the second farthest object away from me on the table.
the closest item on the table
next to the purple ball
in the middle set of objects, to the left
the second farthest away object on the table
near the center of the table, to the right of an orange cylinder.
closest to the upper right-hand side of the table.
in the middle of the table, to the left of a blue sphere.
in the upper left-hand side of the table, to the left of a green box and below an orange cylinder.
at the very top of the table, about halfway between the center and right hand side.
in between a yellow cube and a purple cube.
a purple cube closest to me on a table. It is in front of several other different colored shapes. 
next to a green rectangle on a table. 
at the back of a table behind a larger yellow rectangle. 
behind an orange cylinder, a red sphere, and another yellow rectangle. It is in front of a green rectangle and all of these objects are on a brown table. 
in the top left of the table
next to the smaller cylinder thing, near the middle of the table
is closer to the bottom of the table then the others
next to the purple sphere, almost in the middle of the table
on the very left of the table
to the right of the short blue cylinder on the back half of the table
furthest back on the table
near the back of the table, behind the blue cylinder and to the left of the green cylinder
just to the left of the blue sphere, near the middle of the table
in front of the orange cylinder and just to the left of the green rectangle on the back half and left side of the table
farthest away from green cube
above red sphere and below green cube
to the right of orange cylinder and above orange rectangle
above all purple shapes and below green cube
above all other shapes
in the center of the table
close to the corner of a table
sitting in the center of a table
sitting next to a round ball in the center of a table
sitting next to a square and the end of a table
next to a blue cylinder, above and to the left of an orange towerlike object and below an orange cylinder and a green object
above all the other objects on the table
next to an orange cylinder, above a yellow object and below a yellow and green object
below objects a red sphere, orange cylinder, yellow rectangle and green rectangle
below a green object, a purple object, a yellow sphere and a blue object
close to the middle of the table, but slightly offset to the upper left
towards the back of the table, slightly to the left
further from the viewer, behind all other objects on the table, very close to the far edge of the table
in the upper right hand corner of the table, about one-third of table width from the far edge, and one-third of the table width from the right edge
directly in front of the viewer. If the viewer were to reach out his/her right hand, they would easily grasp it. 
standing.
Standing.
Lying down.
Square.
Lying on Table.
in the center of the table behind the orange cylinder and the red circle.
at the front and middle of the table.
at the back right of the table.
at the front of the table, far away from the rest of the objects.
at the center of the table between the large and small yellow boxes.
in the center of the table
near the end of the table
at the end of the table
at the far end of the table
at the near end of the table
yellow
red
a cube
cylinder
a sphere
close to the center of the table
close to the top left corner of the table
on the far side of the table
almost on the far edge of the table
between the center and right side of the table
to the left of the yellow sphere
to the left of the red sphere
to the right of the blue rectangle
next to the orange cylinder
to the right of the blue cylinder
located at the back of the table.
located near the center of the table
upright near the back of the table
the closest object
towards the back of the table.
the furthest away
behind the purple cubes, but in front of the green cube.
the cylinder closest to the front of the table.
the object closest to the back edge of the table.
to the left of the sphere.
in front of the smallest cube
the tall prism
the furthest back
next to the orange cylinder
is the object
in the front of the table, to the right
in front of all other objects
to the left of the four in the back of the table
next to the blue sphere in the middle of the table
in the back of the table
the dark purple one.
the blue circle
to the right of the green box
behind the blue circle
to the left of the red circle
laying on its small end in the middle of the table
laying on its flat side in the back left of the table
laying on its small width side in the front middle of the table
laying on the small rectangular portion in the back middle of the table
laying next to a green rectangle in the middle of the table
the closest object or the object farthest down on the table.
to the left of the red sphere.
between the two yellow rectangles and to the right of the orange cylinder.
beneath the red sphere and the closest object to the bottom of the table.
the object closest to the top side of the table.
second closest to the north edge of the table
right next to a blue ball in the middle of the table
located closest to the right edge of the table
next to a tiny green ball and it is the closest object to the right side of the table
closest to the top edge of the table
 next to the small ball
closest to the right upper corner
touching a blue ball
in the middle of the table
by the upper left corner
farthest away, almost on the edge of the table
Fairly close, same distance away from you as the sphere
closest to you
very close to you
somewhat far away from you.
slightly to the left and under the dark purple rectangle.
midway up the table and to the left of the large blue ball.
near the bottom of the table and slightly to the right side.
almost touching the yellow ball. It is slightly to the left and above the ball
directly to the right of the green rectangle.
towards the back leftside of the table.
towards the back right center of the table.
in the center of the table.
on the leftside, towards the back of the table.
on the leftside of the table, very close to the edge.
centered in the middle horizontally but off to left vertically
in the bottom left corner
top left corner of the table
top middle of the table
in the middle of the table
the furthest away, and the closest to the end of the table
the second object to the far left, and the third furthest from me.
behind all but one object
near the  left edge of the table
closer to me than all the other objects
on the left side of the table, in front of the yellow cube
at the back left corner of the table
between the blue cube and the purple sphere
toward the back side of the table in the middle
on the left side of the table to the left of the green box
the purple cube
the yellow cube, object
object, the smallest purple cube.
the largest yellow rectangle
the purple rectangle
closest to the left side of the table
in the middle of the table close to the orange cylinder
near the far left corner of the table
in the middle of the table, closer to the right side of the table
in the middle of the table, near the right side, below the pink rectangle
closer than half and farther than half of the other objects
farther than all the other objects
farthest object except for green cube
farthest object
second closest object
at the back left corner of the table.
beside the orange circular object.
near the back right corner of the table
between the round circular object and the pink object.
between the purple object and the square orange object.
next to the green square in the middle of the table.
in the middle of the table.
near the back, next to the blue square.
in the back of the table.
behind the yellow block, next to the orange disk.
located a couple of inches to the right of the center of the table
placed in front of an short orange cylinder near the center of the table
located in the left farthest quadrant of the table
placed a couple of inches inwards from the far back edge of the table
located next to the green cube near the center of the table
in the middle of the other objects
behind the orange block but before the blue circle
right in front
in the back of the objects
in front of the purple block but behind the orange rectangular block
next to a blue square.
between a green square and an orange circle.
next to a purple ball.
next to an orange circle.
closest to the top right corner of the table.
second closest
second furthest
furthest
furthest
closest
next to the blue square
center of the table next tot he green square
next to the yellow circle
the only yellow square on the table
next to the small purple circle
centered towards the rear of the table.
centered and slightly on the left side of the table.
at the forefront on the left side of the table.
in the center of the table
in the center of the table.
the farthest left of any of the objects and right next to the small purple sphere. It's distance relative to the depth of the image is about halfway back on the table and in the array of objects.
The closest of any of the objects and a little on the right side of the table without being near the edge. It is right next to the orange cylinder and about halfway back on the table, depth-wise
 slightly off-center to the right and back. It is not near the edge of the table or other objects. A smaller purple rectangular prism is in front of it and all the others are behind it.
foremost of all the objects, and directly in front of the red sphere. It is somewhat close to the front edge of the table and towards the center.
towards the back of the table, almost in line with the other yellow rectangular prism but slightly to the left and near the back edge of the table. The only object behind it is the green one
next to a orange  disc
next to a green block
next to the small purple ball
next to a blue block
next to orange disc
next to a blue ball on a black table
positioned on the left of the table inbetween purple and yellow cubes
on the right back of the table behind all other objects
touching the yellow ball in the middle back of the table
back of the table on the right 
near the back right corner of the table.
near the back right corner of the table.
in the middle near the back
near the back, closest to the back left corner
close to the middle of the table, a bit near the right side.
on the far end of the table behind two purple cubes.
near the middle of the table next to a red sphere.
adjacent to a small purple ball near the middle of the table.
on the right side of the table near the middle.
in the middle of the table next to a blue sphere.
next to a larger purple cube and in front of a yellow cube on a black table
behind a purple ball and green cube
behind two objects and in front of two objects
in the middle of a black table in front of four other objects
behind three purple cubes and in front of a small green cube
to the right of a blue sphere
behind a red sphere and orange cylinder
in front of everything else
to the right of a green rectangle
behind everything, to the right of a yellow rectangle
closest to me
in the middle and far from me
very from and to my left
extremely far from me on the right
is the closest object to me
blue
green
yellow
Purple
Green
about halfway up the table, on the left edge. Directly to the left of the purple cube in the center of the table.
about three-fourths of the way up the table just left of the green block and just below the orange cylinder.
almost at the top edge of the table, towards the left side of the table
almost directly in the middle of the table, it is just to the left of the blue sphere
It is at the far edge of the table in the middle sitting just northwest if the yellow sphere.
left of the small purple sphere, behind the large purple box, and in front of the blue rectangular prism and the yellow sphere. 
in front of all other shapes--the green cylinder and green rectangular prism, and the orange and blue cylinders. 
behind the large yellow rectangular prism, to the right of the orange cylinder, and in front of the medium yellow rectangular prism and the green rectangular prism
behind the large yellow rectangular prism, to the left of the red sphere, and in front of the medium yellow rectangular prism and the green rectangular prism
behind the yellow and purple spheres and the green and purple rectangular prisms
the closest obeject from this vantage point almost halfway up the table  off to the right 
directly to the right of the green cube three quarters the way up the table off center to the left slightly
to the right of the orange cylinder about half way up the table
the second furthest object on the table
a little over half way up the table off to the right slightly closer than the smalles purple cube
to the left of the orange rectangular prism
at the front of the table
to the left of the green block
at the front of the table
at the back of the table
common
common
somewhat rare
somewhat common
very common
in the middle of the table, just to the left of the blue ball
close to the bottom right corner of the table, away from all the other objects
towards the top left corner of the table, to the left of the small green cube and above the purple cubes.
a little higher than midway up the left side of the table, below the yellow and green shapes
the lowest object on the table, right in the middle and below all the other shapes
in the the NW quadrant of the table. Of the two green objects it is the only rectangular cube, and it is on the west side of the table. 
The second to furthest back object, in the upper half of the table.
the furthest object away from the viewer. It is the object furthest back and to the right on the table.
the object closest to the viewer on the table and is very close to the middle of the table, but most of it would be laying on the left side of the table.
on the left side of the table between the green rectangular cuboid and the brown cylinder. It is directly to the left of the green rectangular cuboid in the back left corner of the table.
the closest to you
it is next to the green box
closest to you next to brown cylinder
the furthest to the left next to the red ball
next to the brown cylinder
to the right of a small green rectangular prism, below a blue rectangular prism, and on a table.
at the top of a table, diagonally to the right of a yell rectangular prism, above all other objects.
at the bottom of a table, below a red sphere.
in the center of a table, below all other objects.
at the bottom left corner of a table.
in the center of the table
off center of the table next to a green block
closest to the front of the table.
in the right-center of the table next to an orange cylinder
in the middle-left of the table, close to the edge.
the farthest from the viewer 
next to the green box
to the left of the yellow cube, in the middle of the table
to the right of the blue cylinder 
nearest the center of the table
center of the table
to the left side of the table
in the back, left portion of the table
in the back, right portion of the table
in the back, right corner of the table
near my end of the table on the left hand side.
in the middle of the table.
near the middle of the table next to an orange cylinder.
near the middle of the table closest to the right hand side.
near the right hand side of the table, about half way down.
the closet object to me.
near the front-left corner of the table
to the right of the blue cylinder
in the middle of the table
in the middle of the table, on the left hand side
past the middle of the table on the far side
far left corner of the table
very slightly to the left of the middle of the table
slightly right of the middle to the far end of the table
right side of the middle of the table
the closest cube to the middle of the table. It is below and slightly to the left of the yellow cube, and quite a ways down from the green cube at the top end of the table.
the closest object to the viewer. It precedes a sphere, a cylinder, and two rectangular prisms in distance on the table.
right next to a blue cube at the far end of the table. Around the yellow sphere are a cube and a sphere in the middle of the table and a cube near the viewer.
slightly past and to the left of the middle between an assortment of shapes. It is next to a blue cylindrical figure and three other shapes.
located in the top left quadrant of the table. Only one orange rectangular figure is closer to the viewer.
in front of the other four objects, about equidistant from the front two corners of the table
toward the rear of the table, to the left of a green rectangle and in front of a bigger brown cylinder
behind all the other objects, toward the rear of the table
behind the four other objects, closest to the back right corner of the table
next to a blue rectangle, behind three other objects
farthest back on the table.
next to a small green rectangular cube, between the center and back of the table.
almost perfect in the middle of the table, on the left side.
a little bit farther away from the reset of the objects then the orange cylinder.
farthest away from the viewpoint of the table, next to a large yellow ball.
the cloest object to the southeast corner.
in the top left corner behind a purple cube.
closest to the yellow cube
behind the stout cylandar and in front of a purple rectangle
closest to the northeast corner of the table
next to the blue ball
in the front of the table
in the back of the table
between the two yellow rectangles
behind the small blue cylinder
towards the front and to the right
the frontmost object
next to the green cube
the frontmost object
in the middle towards the right
a little to the left of the two parallel rectangular prisms.
beside the sphere.
at the far end of the table beside the rectangular prism.
at the end of the table near the small blue cylinder.
at the far left corner.
located in the far back of table just of center. 
located left of the green block and in front of the red circle
located on the left side of table about quarter the way from the back edge
located to the right of the blue circle 
located on the left side of table quater the way back from the front edge
to the right of the blue hockey puck
to the left of the red sphere
just behind the yellow sphere
just in front of object the blue rectangle
near the back left corner of the table
on the back of the table near a green block.
far back on the table, to the right.
in the center of the table, to the left, next to a sphere.
far back on the table, to the right.
directly in the center of the table.
on the upper side of the table and a bit to the left
on the left side of the table in the middle
on the upper lefthand corner of the table
almost directly in the middle a bit to the right
on the bottom left of the table
sitting in the upper left and corner of the table.
sitting in the upper right hand corner of the table.
sitting on the side of the table toward the middle part of the upper left hand corner.
sitting on the table near the edge in the middle part near the right hand upper corner.
sitting on the table not quite near the edge and not quite in the corner of the right corner.
towards the middle of the table
to the left of the green rectangular prism above the middle of the table
close to the most northern edge of the table in the mid right side
right in the middle of the table
right in the middle of the table touching a blue sphere
to the right of the green rectangle
in the middle of the table near the red ball
on the end of the table to the left of the yellow ball
on the back righthand corner of the table
in front of the green circle
located in front of a yellow cube and to the side of another purple cube
located next to a green rectangle and in front of a brown puck
located beside a blue puck, to the rear of a brown rectangle, and between a brown puck and green puck in the distance
located in front of a green rectangle and blue puck, and even further in front of a brown puck and a green puck
located behind a brown puck and blue ball, almost beside a lavender rectangle, and in front of a purple rectangle
located close to the center of the table.
 standing upward near the back right corner of the desk.
the last item on the table in the back.
sitting near the front of the table
on the far back corner of the table.
centered on the left side of the table
near the north end of the table, but closer to the center than the blue block.
almost in the center of the table, to the right of the green block.
on the north side of the table to the right of the orange cylinder.
near the center of the table, to the right of the orange cylinder.
near the end of a long brown table.
in the center of a long dark brown table.
in the center of a long brown table.
at the far end of the table.
at the far end of the table between a green rectangle and a larger orange wheel, also in its side
in the foreground in front of all of the other objects,
in the middle of the table lenghwise and towards the left.
in the middle of the table just behind the yellow rectangular prism and to the right of the orange hockey puck.
directly adjacent to the left of a blue sphere and is in the middle of the table.
towards the back and to the right of the table.
near the back of the table on the right
near the back of the table on the right
near the back of the table on the left
in the middle of the table on the left
near the front of the table just right of a cylinder
placed on the left side of the table towards the middle
in front of all the other objects on the table
on the left most side of the table
in the back just off center
closest to you on the table
at the last
near the red ball 
at the front
in front of blue
beside the blue
at the far end of the table just right of the center.
close to the center of the table near a rectangular cube.
near the right rear corner of the table.
just left of the center of the table.
in the center of the table just in front of and to the right of another purple cube.
just below and to the right of the center of the table
near the lower left corner of the table
slightly to the left of the center of the table
sitting beside a green cube
above all three purple cubes
 to the right of a blue square in the middle of the back side of the table
at the back of the table behind a yellow rectangle.
in front of a green square and behind a red ball. 
 the smallest of three on the table, located in the approximate middle of the left side.
in the middle of the back of the table directly behind a yellow ball. 
in the front of all the other objects
between the orange cylinder and green square
in the middle of the table, second from the end
left side of the table int he middle
in the center of the table
yellow object.
the brown object with similar shape.
blue small cylindrical object.
yellow rectangular object that sits horizontally.
the light purple object.
on the edge of the table
on the upper left side of the table between two purple cubes
in the middle of the table next to a green cube
in the middle of the table above a red sphere
on the upper right side of the table
almost in the center of the table.
positioned directly to the left of a purple sphere.
towards the back of the table, in ftont of a blue cube.
near the center of the table, in front of the green cube.
furthest away from this end of the table.
towards the middle of the table on the left side, between the two yellow rectangles the red actual globe
on the left side of the middle of the table, third back, second from the left
towards the back right of the table, between the other four objects, diagonal from the orange flat globe
in the middle of the table, between three of the other objects but far away from the green square in back
furthest towards the viewer on the table, in the middle and in front of the other four objects
located closest to me
located on the back side of the table.
located on the from back on the table
located in the bottom left corner
located in the middle of the table
the closest object to the viewer.
located almost in the center of the table.
near the far left corner.
almost in the middle of the table, slightly to the right.
located in the far right corner.
to the right back side of the table, but not quite the corner.
just right of the center of the table.
just back and slightly left of center.
rotated about nine degress left and center, but towards the back of the table.
laying on it's less wide, but long side, to the left of center of the table.
It is just left of the center of the table vertically, almost directly behind the red ball.
located toward the far corner to the right about two thirds of the way down the table.
almos all the way to the end of the table,slightly to the right side vertically.
about two thirds of the way down the table slight to the right of center vertically
almost in the middle of the table, slightly right of center vertically
located at the far end of the table very near the edge, closer to the right side.  It is to the right of the yellow cube, and directly above and to the right of the second largest purple cube.
located in the farthest third of the table.  It is directly above and to the left of the red sphere, and above and to the right of the orange cylinder.
located toward the far end of the table, just to the right of the center.  It is below and to the left of the purple rectangular prism, to the left and slightly above the orange rectangular prism.
located toward the far end of the table, on the right hand third of the table.  It is above and to the right of the smaller yellow rectangular prism.
located directly to the right of the blue rectangular prism, on the farthest end of the table, just to the right of the center of the table.
on the back end of the table, towards the middle.
all the way on the back end of the table, towards the back right corner.
near the middle of the table, next to a blue cylinder.
right next to the blue sphere, butting up against the left side of it.
right in the middle of the table.
round ,three square,one circle
two square,three circle
two square ,three circle
they are only square.
three square,one circle,one round
next to the farthest cube.
between the 3 cylinders.
the farthest away.
next to both a cylinder and a box.
the farthest away.
towards the back of the table grouped with blue cube, green cube, and purple sphere
on the left side of the table next to yellow cube and towards the back of the table
close to the middle of the table far away from any of the other objects
grouped in the middle of the table towards the back edge.  Grouped with all of the other objects in a close pack
towards the back left side of the table close to the green box and orange cylinder
yes 
yes
yes
yes
yes
in the top right corner of the table
to the left of the green block and below the orange cylinder
a quarter of the way down the table on the right side
between the green block and the orange cylinder
between the green block and the smallest purple block
next to a sphere
in front of the brown cylinder 
next to a large brown cylinder 
away from all the other shapes on the table
adjacent to a red sphere 
center, slightly to the left
center, slightly to the right 
center, close to the front
center, slightly to the back
slightly to the back and left
LAST
mini square and green colour
LAST
MIDDLE
FIRST
near the south corner of the table
slightly offset from the center of the tabl
two third of the way down from the top of the table
at the top of the table
left bottom side of the table
the green block
the purple sphere
a purple block
a pink block
the orange block
in the center of the table.
last before in the right hand side of the table.
in the extreme end of the table.
the last before object at the far end of the table.
in the right hand side of the table.
is behind all the other objects on the table.
just behind the blue ball
in between an orange and a purple box
near the front of the table
to the left of the green box
nearest  to the right corner
placed opposite side of the table towards right
in the center of the table
towards the left corner
placed at the oposite side towards right
a square
circular
rectangular
a standing object
circular
top left corner of table.
top left corner of table.
atmost center of table.
at top left  of table.
top right of table.
NEAR THE LEFT MIDDLE OF THE TABLE JUST BEFORE OBJECT NUMBER  ONE
NEAR THE EDGE OF THE TABLE NEXT TO OBJECT NUMBER THREE  BUT BEFORE OBJECT NUMBER  FIVE
NEAR THE RIGHT SIDE EDGE OF THE TABLE NEXT TO OBJECT NUMBER  FOUR
NEAR THE RIGHT SIDE EDGE OF THE TABLE SLIGHTLY RIGHT SIDE FROM OBJECT NUMBER  THREE
NEAR THE LEFT SIDE EDGE OF THE TABLE SLIGHTLY LEFT SIDE FROM OBJECT NUMBER ONE
Object one
object two
object five
object three
object four
front side left of the table
near to the center of the table
before the number three
center of number four and secound
right back of the table
yellow
orange
violet
orange
violet
three 
three
four
three
three
placed near the green box.
placed on the left side of table before the yellow box.
placed in front of all objects.
very far away on the table, it is at the end of the table.
placed in front of all other objects.
very near to the  blue object on the farther side of the table
on the farther side of the table near the right corner.
on the farther side of the table
nearer corner of the table
middle farther side of the table close to ball shaped yellow object
in the center of the table facing me, in front of the other objects.
in the center of the table, near the left edge, equidistant from the other purple blocks and the yellow block.
in the center of the table and a little to the left, located far left in the grouping of objects.
directly in the center of the table.
near the back left corner of the table, between the orange cylinder and the green rectangular block.
middle of the table from right to leftside
placed  from left to right  of the table
from left to right of the table
in left corner of the table
 in the middle of the table
placed at the centre of the table
a rectangular object
placed near the fag end of the table
placed at the extreme end of the table
positioned between two rectangular shaped objects
At the centre of the table
At the end of the table
At the end of the table
At the end of the table
At the centre of the table
  little bigger than other two
circle
is purple colour
the circle
 green colour
squre
squre
round
squre
ball shape
in the back of blue
back of purple
in front of green
back of red
in front of blue
close to the far end of the table, on the left hand side of the round green object.
close to the middle of the table, just to the right of the round blue object,
close to the far end of the table, just to the right of a blue rectangle shaped object.
near the middle of the table, just to the left of a small maroon ball.
the object farthest away on the table, to the right of center.
at farthest end of table.
at middle and left end of table
middle of table
middle and center of table
middle and left most of table
nearer to blue sphere.
nearer to blue cube.
at the centre of the table.
first to see on the table.
nearer to the edge of the table
the last object at the back of the table
near the middle of the table behind the red sphere
near the middle of the table next to the blue cylinder
located closest to the back left corner of the table
located halfway down the table on the left
it is in the upside top end
it placed in front of the table 
it is on the edge of the upper side
which is in front of a table
it is placed upper left hand corner
center of the table
top right
cube
center
center
object  four
object  one
object  two
object one
object  one
at the far end of the table and towards right
benind all purple color boxes, infront of  green box and towards left of the table
infront of yellow box and towards left end of the table
inbetween blue color circular box and brown color rectangular box
at the far end of the table towards right of the table
right middle of the table
at the bottom right of the table
at the top right of the table
at the middle of the table
at the left top of the table
towards the left side nearer to opposite side.
in the centre of the table.
in the center nearer to the left side.
in the opposite side of the table
placed in the opposite side nearer to the right edge of the table. 
looking as third biggest cube on table.
almost mid of the table
between two same colored cubes
the smallest cube on table
on the front corner of the table
rectangular shape.
in round shape
placed in font left of the picture with round shape
placed at front right of the table with rectangular shape
placed at front left of the screen with rectangular shape
behind all the other cubes and placed on the far end of the table
next to a yellow sphere near the far edge of the table.
near the far left hand corner of the table and behind a blue disc.
closer to the near edge of the table than all the other objects. 
to the left of a red sphere and towards the middle left portion of the table.
corner of the table
middle
center of the table
left corner
middle of the table
situated away from the green colour rectangular box
placed near the yellow spherical ball
placed between yellow colour rectangular box and cylendrical box
near the corner of table
placed near blue coloured cylindrical blue cloured box
closest to the front edge of the table.
left to the yellow cuboid and slightly in front of it.
to the immediate left of the blue ball.
at immediate right to the brown cylinder.
right of the smaller purple cuboid and slightly before it.
place next to a green ball in the middle of the table
place close to the right-hand top corner of the table
placed in the middle of the table
placed nect to a violet ball
placed next to a short cylindrical object
behind and middle of the two purple square
just before the blue square
at the middle of the other objects
is before the purple box
next to small purple ball
TOWARDS THE RIGHT SIDE BEFORE THE YELLOW CUBOID.
AT THE END OF THE TABLE.
AT THE END OF THE TABLE AT THE RIGHT SIDE. 
BEHIND THE YELLOW CUBOID AT THE CENTER OF THE TABLE.
AT THE RIGHT SIDE NEXT TO GREEN CUBOID.
at top right corner 
at middle of the table
at starting from bottam of table
on top near blue square shaped object
at top middle position
top first
in middle of the table
left corner
edge in the left side
middle of the table
Object three
Object one
Object two
object one
object two
cuboid in front of red ball and orange cylinder
farthest object on right
blue ball at centre and little right
green cuboid towards centre and little back
orange cylinder almost at centre
In front view it stands as first
It is present at the opposite corner
It is present at the opposite corner
It is present at the opposite corner
Center of the table
on the center of the table.
near a green cube.
near a pink cuboid.
near the center of the table.
near the center of the table.
positioned near the lower left corner of the big brown table.
positioned beside a yellow ball near the top of the table.
on the middle of the brown table.
on the middle of the table close to a red ball.
positioned on the center of the table near an orange disk, and between two yellow rectangular blocks.
a square shaped one.
yellow coloured square.
a green colored square.
brown colored.
a violet square shaped one.
near the middle of the table
beside a blue sphere
near the upper right corner of the table
near a blue cube
near the left edge of the table
in front of the table.
kept at the side of an cylinder, orange in colour.
the smallest located behind a cuboid,green in colour.
in the most edge of the table.
the biggest in size, in front of the table.
to the right of a small blue circlular box at the tables top half centre
adjoing a blue rectangular cube at the top of the table dividing it in two
at the centre of the table
to the immediate left of the small purple sphere at the centre of the table nearer to the top.
at the top of the table slightly to the right corner.
green cube
green cube
orange round cube
rectangle orange cube
circular cube
on left side of the table
on the edge of the table
on near the edge of  the table
on near the midle edge of the table
on the midle edge of the corner
square
rectangular
ball
round
square
near the far edge of table
closest to the front edge of table
closest to the front edge of table
between green box and brown disk
closest to the front edge of table
near to objectwhich is purple color
just behind object which is circle
next to object green color
next to blue color
first of all other object
to the left of the orange cylinder
directly right of the green block
in front of the red ball
to the front and right, away from all other objects
to the left of the green block
a yellow ball
a medium sized yellow square
blue square
green colored cube
a yellow rectangle
in he middle of the table, next to one small ball.
in the left side of the table, next to this object is an green rectangle.
on the right side of the table, on the right corner.
on the left down corner on the table.
on the left corner on the table.
first from front side
second from front side
third from front side
scond from front side
first from front side
right center of the table
least position in the table when we see now
right corner in the table
center of the table
left side of the table
next to a green cube in the middle of the table 
near the far right corner 
near the closest side of the table 
next to a blue sphere in the middle of the table 
near the far side of the table  
furthest back on the table, next to the yellow sphere
next to the blue cube on the back of the table
on the left hand side near the back of the table
on the right hand side near the back of the table
furthest back on the table
placed at the center of the table.
placed at the center left of the table.
placed at the backside of the table.
placed at the center of the table.
placed at the back left corner of the table
in the rear left quadrant of the table,south-southeast from the left rear corner of the table, immediately to the left  of the small green brick.
in the rear left quadrant of the table, south-southeast from the left rear corner of the table, just to the left of the table's midline.
in the rear right quadrant of the table, south-southwest from the right rear corner of the table, and directly south from the purple brick.
at the center of the table.
south-southeast from the left rear corner of the table and west-southwest from the right rear corner of the table. 
at the back of the table
last center
last  left
in the last
in the middle front
It shown only two box
shown two box
shown one box
two box
shown is two box
located at the center of the table
at left upper corner on the table
at the upper center of the table
near whe upper side of the table, up and right of the yellow box on also on the upper half
in the middle and to the right side of the table
which placed on the middle of a circle and a square
situated in the side of a rectangular
which represents the top of all 
a long one which situated on the top of the circle
a big square which was bigger than every object
located just a little right side from the centre of the table
diagnolly opposite to prple sphere
just next to blue flat sphere
nest to green rectangilar box
next to purple sphere in the centre of the table
END OF THE TABLE
STANDS NEAR TO THE RECTANGLE
BLUE COLOR WHICH STANDS NEAR TO THE CIRCLE AND ALSO AT THE ENG OF THE TABLE
IN ORANGE COLOR WHICH IS NEAR TO THE ROUND OBJECT COLORED IN RED. AND ALSO IN THE MIDDLE OF THE TABLE 
IN RED COLOR WHICH IS NEXT TOTHE RECTANGLE SHAPE OBJECT 
between the green color cube and brown cylinder 
at the center of the table
at the edge of the table and right corner  
near red ball
near green cube
box
blue color
good box
ball
ball
Blue
Green
Green
Blue
Red
at last of the table
beside blue round object
at last of table and beside blue square object
beside round brown object
back of green square object
side of the table
last of the table 
middle of the table 
side of the table
middle of table
In the front of the table
in the right side of the orange block.
right side of the green rectangular box.
in the right side of the orange cylinder.
in the front of the table.
in the right side of the orange cylinder.
in the left corner of the table.
in right side of the blue cylinder.
back side of rectangular box.
in the back side of the table.
right of Green rectangle
right of pink rectangle and back of purple rectangle
left of Blue circle
center of purple cube
right of the cylinder 
Near Object 
Near Object
Near Object
Near the Object
Near Object
the first one which is near to the other side of of the table.
near to the top left corner of the table.
near the centre of the table.
near to the centre of the table.
between the purple coloured cuboid and  the orange coloured cuboid.
near to the green colored cuboid
near the blue cylinder
in the corner of the table
near the orange cylinder
in the center of  pink cubes and green cube
left middle
middle right
northern end
northern end
North East
blue object
near to small purple cube
green cube
yellow sphere
brown object
yellow cube lying beside purple coulour cubes
lying on left corner down the table.
lying on bottom half of table
lying near upper edge of table
orange cylinder lying near red ball
brown bar
yellow ball
voilet squate
green square
red ball
the first object at the top of the table
at the left to green rectangular object
at the centre of table
top right corner
the last object from top to bottom
some side
laste side is easy to parts
first of the part
some side
importamt point of the table
on the right side of the blue circular object
located on the near side of the table
located on the top right of the table
located at the far end of the table
located above the red ball
CENTRE OF TABLE
BLUE BALL IS CONTACTED ROUND PIECE
CENTRE OE THE TABLE
LOCATED NEAR SIDE
NEAR CORNER OF TABLE
placed at the left end of the table between the first three big boxes.
just before the smallest box and just after the round box and ball.
Standing alone on the extreme end of the table.
before the biggest round box which is at the end of the table.
placed on the right and front of the other square boxes and after the round box and ball.
 object.
 object.
 object.
object.
object.
object five
object four
the object three
object four
object three
near the front left corner of the table.
near a red sphere.
at the center of the table between two yellow cuboids.
to the right of a purple cube near back left corner of the table.
in front of a purple cube.
at the far end of the table
placed next to green box
at the nearest edge of the table
at the farthest end of the table
at the left farthest corner of the table
beside the spherical object 
placed on the left side in the middle of the table
behind the purple object 
placed near the front end of the table
placed at the far end of the table
two
three
first position on table
second position 
second position
placed near the front face of the table
placed behind three pink colored cuboids on the table 
positioned adjacent to a green colored cuboid
positioned between the cuboids numbered three and five
near the corner of the table and is about to fall-off from the table
near edge of the table
middle of the table
edge of right side
edge
last portion
in the middle of the table
at the center of the table
at the left side of the table
in the leftside near  of five
at the front of the table near four
in the middle of the table
at the center of the table
at the left side of the table
in the leftside near  of five
at the front of the table near four
at the end of the table
besides the sphere yellow in color
at the middle of the table
at the beginning of the table 
some what middle of the table
a brown color rectangular object
a green color rectangular object
the only yellow colored object
in straight line with a brown color cylindrical object
a purple color small ball very close to a green color rectangular object
horizontal
near the table top right
on top left side
near the middle of table
close to corner on top of the table
AT MIDDLE OF THE TABLE
NEAR TO RECTANGULAR BOX
MIDDLE LEFT OF THE TABLE
IN RIGHT MOST CORNER
NEAR TO MIDDLE OF THE TABLE
Close to the blue coloured box
at the left end of the table between orange circle and green box
at the middle of the table between two yellow boxes and adjacent to red sphere
At the end of the table before green box
at the middle close to blue circle
farthest from the other four cubes on the table.
is adjacent to the orange cylinder.
beside the blue cube
to the lower right side of the green rectangular prism
on the left side of the purple sphere
in forth position
the smallest
a cubical shape
violet in colour
the violet colored cube
in the middle left of the table, to the left of larger purple cube
in the far side of a table, to the right of a brown cylinder
to the left of small purple sphere
to the right of orange cylinder
at front and right of blue cube
in the middle left of the table, to the left of larger purple cube
in the far side of a table, to the right of a brown cylinder
to the left of small purple sphere
to the right of orange cylinder
at front and right of blue cube
centre of the table
left side of the table
right side of the table
centre of the table
top side of the table
at the centre of rectangular box
in between two other rectangular boxes
on the backside of sphere
at the side of the table
at the side of the table
between the rectangle objects and above the round object
near by the smaller objects and little far from biggest object.
positioned near to the round object.
positioned on the top left corner.
positioned near to green object .
near the right side of table.
at the bottom side of the table.
at the centre of table.
is near the top side of the table.
near a red coloured spere.
in the lower left corner.
close to the middle.
close to the middle
at the top half
near the middle
near the end of the table
center of the table
near the yellow ball
near the yelloaw cube
near red ball
in third row behind the purple sphere shaped object
It is  placed in the first row.
which is in the last row behind the golden color sphere
 which is in the last row.
in the second position in the row.
laying on near left corner of the table.
in the middle of the table.
on the right middle of the table.
is in the middle of the table.
laying at far right corner of the table.
located next to red ball
located before the same circle object
located next to yellow redangle
located lastly
located before the next object
both on a table
on a table
in fron of a sphere
 on the table
on a table
nearer to me
nearer to me
above the object three from the back side.
first object from the front.
first object from the audience view.
last position
first position
last position
second in position
in first position
bloue colour is table corner, other colours in right sie , left side and middle is there
green colour is table corner other colours are placed in table sides
bloue colour is table corner, other colours in right sie , left side and middle is there
bloue colour is table corner, other colours in right sie , left side and middle is there
bloue colour is table corner, other colours in right sie , left side and middle is there
beyond the yellow sphere
nearer than the red sphere
beyond the blue cylinder
at the corner of the table
at the center of the table
located on the left northern half of the table 
located near the Southern left corner of the table
located in the middle of the table next to a red ball
located just above a blue ball
located in the Southern right end of the table
bottom
top
middle
bottom
left side
located near a cylinder shape object
located at far from object
located at center of table
between objects
located diagonal to object 
to the right side of the cylindrical object.
the second item from the left edge of the table.
to the left side of the spherical object.
the third object from the bottom edge of the table.
near the top edge of the table.
a cube
a cube
a cube in purple
in brown color
a ball
at the corner of table
near green cube
at the end of table
located near blue round
near blue cube
positioned in the top middle of the table and two squares are in the right  top and bottom
situated in the near right side of the centre of the table
first square above the red circle object
situated in the left bottom side near by the yellow square
in the left side of the red circle
at the side of the table.
on the left side of the table.
on the right side of the table.
in middle of the table.
at the side of table.
middle on the table
end on the table
end on the table
left on the table
left corner on the table
red in colour
brown colour
purple in colour
green colour
purple colour
to the right of the table
in the center of the table
at the far end of the table
in the front of the table
to the left of the table
It is positioned in front of all other objects on the table.
positioned near the rear end of the table in between sandal colored cylinder and green colored cuboid.
positioned near the rear end of the table, at the back of all other objects on the table.
positioned near the centre of the table.
positioned adjacent to a green colored cuboid.
at the far end of the table
at the front side of the table
in the middle of the table
on the left side of the table
in front of the table
to the right of the table
at the far end of the table
at the end of the table
in front of the table
in front of the table
placed on the lower left-hand corner of the table.
placed towards the top right corner of the table.
placed far right of the small yellow rectangle.
placed lower end of the table far from the other objects.
placed behind the purple rectangle.
behind the rectangle shaped object & in front of all the  cylindrical object in placing.
at the centre of the table .its position is to the  edge of the table.
at near to the edge as well as the corner of the table.It is also placed parallel to a cylinder facing each other.
near to the edge of the table.It is at the edge with  rectangles & a cylinder in front of it.
near to the edge of the table, which is placed in between three squared shaped objects.It is comparatively smaller to the other three squares which are placed surrounding it.
near yellow ball
near blue option in vertical position
in horizondle position
rolling object
on table of left side 
placed near the center of the table
 placed on the left side of a green rectangular block towards the further end of the table.
placed near the furthest end of the table to the right
the first object placed near the front side of the table
near the further end towards the center of the table between two rectangular objects
near the far let hand side of the table.
led hand side of table in front of and to the left of the red ball.
to the left of the red ball, number.
in front of the other objects on the table.
to the left of the blue circle.
behind all other objects
in front of all other objects
front left corner of the table
in between object four and five and right of object two
front position to all other objects
near the corner
top left edge of table
top right of centre of table.
just above centre right of table between blue ball and purple block.
At centre of table beside blue ball.
the one in violet color
oval shaped one
oval object
yellow color object
violet color object
at the farthest end of the table at the right side.
present at the right hand side of the object placed at the centre of the table.
present at the centre of the table and equidistant from the three farthest end objects on the table.
present at the farthest end of the table at the right hand side. 
present at the centre of the table. 
corner
half middle
side
half middle
middle
brick shaped box of yellow color present before green color square shaped box
present at the front end of the table
present left back corner of the table
 nearly center of the table right side near to the green box
present near to the brown cylinder behind the yellow box
also a spherical shape 
also like a die 
like a chess board 
an example of match box circle 
an example of cricket ball 
it placed near the rectangular green slab
it is near the right hand side corner of the table
place at the left hand of the table near the object of yellow block.
place near the right hand corner of the table
at the extreme left close to the corner of the table
located second from the top
almost center of the table and near to blue cylinder
second from the other end of the table
seperated very far from the remaining objects
situated in the top right corner
situated on table near object five and three
near object one and four almost middle of the table.
situated near object one and twoat near end.
situated between object one and three.
near object five at far end
green in color
between two objects
purple in color
orange in color
yellow in color
left to the center
far end of the table
left side of far end of  the table
center of table
right of the center of table and down toward far end
placed at the back side of the table
 place in the middle of the table
place at the back of the table 
plae at the back of the table
place at the back of the table
placed on the left side of the table nearer to the viewer.
approximatly in the center of the table and its placed next to a blue sphere.
place somewhat in the center of the table and is placed next to a orange cylinder.
in placed in front of a red sphere,and its closer to the viewer.
placed in between two yellow cuboid,there is a orange cylinder to the left of the sphere.
first position 
in the end poin first  one
it's left side from the objectthree
it's middle of object fourthand three
position is first from starting 
placed at the edge of table
placed at the edge of the table
placed right of the blue box
placed left of the green box
placed between purple box and blue ball
aside Blue cube
farthest object in this table
aside to a Purple sphere
closest object on this table
closest object on this table
 in the front of all other objectsplaced nearly  in the  right middle of the table and adjascent to the small orange colored cylinder
placed nearly in the middle of the table and in the left side of the red colored sphere which placed in the middle of the table
placed nearly in the middle of the table
placed in the far end of the table
placed in the near end of the table
located above the red sphere and orange cylinder
located left to violet square box and orange rectangle box.
located below violet square box and above blue sphere.
located below the blue square box and above the violet sphere.
located somewhat nearer to the center of the table.
placed near to the  upper left corner of the table 
placed near to the green rectangular shape in the table
placed near to the upper left corner
placed in the lower left corner of the table
placed near to upper left corner of the table
lying on center top of the table
lying top of the table. Little right sided.
lying left west side of the table
lying in top north corner of the table
lying on the left west side of the table
corner
corner
side
side
center
position is in middle of two and three
first position 
middle of four and three object 
left side of boject one 
right side of object two
present next to the yellow colored sphere.
present before the blue colored rectangle.
present in the left corner of the table.
present right to the orange colored cylinder.
present in the middle of all objects.
located between a square and a cylinder
near to a sphere
in the second row
very near to a sphere
near to rectangle
between green cube and violet cubes
very nearer than other cubes
second last in the table
very nearer in the table.
near to blue sphere
located on the farther side of the table.
located near the center of the table
located near one corner of the table.
located a little further from the center of the table near a green cube.
located along one of the edges of the table
nearby to the yellow ball
the green box
the square in pink
the circle in blue
the pink ball
the best one.
at first one.
a bigger one.
at old one.
object no five
at the center of the table
toward the south of the table
to the right of the cylinder
near the far edge of table
near the lower left corner of the table
Object four is left top
object five in the scene above right down
object four in the scene above left center
object two in the scene above left corner
 object two in the scene above  center
second
centre
left corner
at the centre
located at the end
in the centre of the table, near a yellowish green rectangular block
in the front half of the table, more towards right
near a blue ball in the centre of the table
in the far side of the table, near a blue ball 
is in the centre of the table (more towards right) with a rust colored block adjacent to it.
first on the table
first on the table
middle of the table
center on the table
fourth position on the table
near the circular object
in the corner side of the table
next to a small cylindrical shaped object
the smallest of the other objects in the table
placed to the front of the other objects in the table
five
four
five
four
two
the object is right side of the table
The object Four is infront of the all objects
the object three is near to yellow ball
the object  Three is middle of the all objects
The object three is the right side of the table.
near to yellow ball.
placed far end and right side on the table.
placed at  far end and right side on the table.
placed near to our end.
placed near blue rectangular box.

